YOGA THE ONLY COMPLETE EXERCISE , INTERNATIONAL DAY OF YOGA JUNE 21ST - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
YOGA BEYOND THE QUANTUM SCREEN PART 1 ,  YOGA FOR PTSD ,  YOGA ALLOWS ONLY DIAPHRAGMATIC BREATHING,  CHEST BREATHING AND HYPERVENTILATION IS BANNED IN YOGA, YOU DO NOT PRACTICE YOGA, YOU LIVE IT, 





The Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi during his address to UN General Assembly on September 27, 2014 asked the world leaders to adopt, June 21, as International Yoga Day.

Indeed it was done. 

For India will be No 1 superpower on this planet in just 2 decades and all are tripping over each other to please India and be recorded as one of India’s old friends ..




Yoga, is as old as antiquity.  It is NOT 2300 year old Patanjali stuff as the white invader makes it out to be.



Lord Shiva is the first Yoga teacher.   Shiva’s first student whom he gave the secrets of yoga was Maharishi Shukracharya , when he got pleased with his severe penance.

There are people who think that secrets of Kalari was imparted to Kerala by Lord Parashurama . Sorry, Maharishi Shukracharya predated Parshurama by several thousand of years.  

Lord Shiva gave only Shukracharya the Sanjeevani vidya which included the 108 marmas of Kalari.  

Shukracharya was a god in the entire middle east . 

Judasim came 3000 years ago, Christianity came 2000 years ago and Islam came 1300 years ago. 

Shukravar  ( Friday ) is a holiday for Muslims – they will NOT know why .

Shukracharya was the mentor of the Asuras.  He was political advisor to Kerala King Mahabali.  His bitter rival and class mate Brihaspati was mentor of the enemy camp of devas.   

Brihaspati was a god for the entire white Europeans ( Thor/ Zeus ) .  

Brihaspativar ( Thursday ) is a holy day for white Christians and they do not know why ( ascension day / Maundy Thursday etc ).

Vishnu took Vamana avatar and killed King Mahabali because he was getting too powerful and did the Ashwamedha Yagna declaring himself  Emperor over Deva lands.  

Even today we in Kerala do NOT celebrate Diwali ( victory of devas over asuras ), and we are the only state in India who celebrates Onam for our beloved emperor Mahabali.   

Festivals carry over millenniums – they say the truth .   Mind you , there is an amazing paradox here – Kerala Muslims and Christians celebrate Onam too.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-kerala-does-not-celebrate-diwali-or.html



Marmas were vital points on the human body, which could snuff out life or disable in an instant . Yet, the same marmas could revive a dying man too. 



Knowledge of marmas in now almost dead with only a few pretenders claiming knowledge .   Kalari marmas are part of Yoga.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/kalaripayattu-oldest-and-deadliest.html

In the post above , check out the comments column –one of the last comments dated 23rd Dec 2014. 
One reader has severe long standing pain on his right buttock and I ask for information a spot on his left shoulder blade.

The crusades where Christians and Muslims massacred each other is basically ancient enemity between followers of SHUKRACHARYA and BRIHASPATI.

The devas tried to steal Sanjeevani vidya by making Brihaspati’s son Kacha do a foul LOVE JIHAD with Shukracharya’s daughter Devayani .  



Enmity between two rival  “PAGAN”  clans were deep rooted.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/secret-excavations-at-jerusalem-by.html

Why June 21st ?  On June 21st the sun reaches its highest position in the sky as seen from the north pole. The summer solstice occurs during a hemisphere's summer. This is the northern solstice in the northern hemisphere.


Practically the longest day is when the latitude of the sun ( declination ) is same as the latitude of your home. The sun then is directly overhead at noon , provided your home is between the tropic of cancer and tropic of capricon. The sun then rises exactly in the east and sets exactly in the west.



On Dec 11,2014, The 193-member U.N. General Assembly approved by consensus a resolution establishing June 21 as 'International Day of Yoga'.


Yoga is the only exercise which addressed the complete human being—in terms of body mind and spirit.

Yoga is NOT a physical exercise alone.


Singer Madonna went into hardcore Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga and the whole western world suddenly took notice .

Below: It requires a real moron to say that she did Yoga for her FIGURE.



Yes Yoga does wonders for the body . But its effect on mind and spirit is far greater.

No other physical form of exercise does so much for the BODY as yoga

Blood has a pump called heart. The lymph fluid does NOT have a pump. Yoga drives this invisible pump..

The western world of medicine and surgery, has come to know about the human body's lymph node system only 60 years ago.   Ayurveda has documented it 6200 years ago .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/fathers-of-surgery-and-medicine-4200-bc.html

I am from Kerala, the land of Ayurveda. We have lost 90% of our ayurvedic herbs because the white invader called our snake groves superstition and they destroyed it.  These snake groves with a water body filled with poisonous king cobras held the most amazing medicinal herbs on this planet- unmolested.   



Despite getting independence successive Christian, Muslim and Communist atheist Kerala governments continues with the destruction of snake groves.  Today visiting a surviving snake grove is in the agenda of many white tourists. 100 years ago, Kerala had 30000 Snake temples. 

Today hardly 5000 are left – the best ones with huge water bodies were all destroyed..

Yoga is NOT about twisting yourself like a pretzel to stretch and limber up.  It had the amazing capability to boost your immunity to almost all diseases, and to help you to recover fast from existing ones.  This works like magic, as it has everything to do with your body's lymph system.  No other exercise on this planet addresses the lymph node system.    


In the West , due to the type of hormone injected non vegetarian food they eat, women suffer needlessly from breast tumours and uterus problems. This category must pay special attention to this post .Main stream science and medicine has NOT caught up yet with the Lymphatic system.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/king-cobra-and-snake-temples-of-kerala.html






A good yoga teacher is an expert in the lymph system .  He can have one look at you, and tell you what is wrong with you. This science is so exact.  It is a shame to see middle aged women suffering from excessive bleeding, cramps and PMS.

The lymphatic system in your body is a series of connected nodes, ducts and organs that play a vital part in your immune system.


Whatever Yoga does NOT address, the Ayurvedic massage addresses. This is why a Yoga teacher in Kerala was always an expert in Ayurveda.



The human arteries are like a two-lane highway bringing nutrients, oxygen and fluid to the body part. The vein is a one-lane highway taking away the used blood, and the lymphatic channels are the other one-lane highway draining away the lymph fluid.

Two lanes in together, but two out lanes separate out.  Blood is responsible for collecting and distributing oxygen, nutrients and hormones to the entire body where lymph is responsible for collecting and removing waste products left behind in the tissues. Plasma leaks out of the capillaries to surround and bathe the body tissues.  This then drains into the lymph vessels.

Below: Get your lymphatic system pumping so that you’re firing on all cylinders.



The circulatory system processes an average of 20 liters of blood per day.  Roughly 17 liters per day of that gets reabsorbed directly into the blood vessels. The primary function of the lymph system is to provide an accessory route for these excess 3 liters per day to get returned to the blood.

So colourless lymph is essentially recycled blood plasma. The biggest lymph vessel is the thoracic duct, which empties back into the blood circulation.  At the cellular level, the lymphatic system is a pathway through which fluid flows from the intercellular spaces into the blood.

The lymphatic system has vessels just like our circulatory system, but DOES NOT HAVE A PUMP LIKE THE HEART  for the circulatory system .    In order to clear the “lymph” (the clear extracellular fluid that is collected by the lymphatic vessels and filtered by the lymph nodes), the lymphatic system must be pumped manually. 



Now you get a WEE idea why yoga goes into pretzel positions.



Madonna does NOT want to be Manchester Angelina Jolie with both breasts removed  - double mastectomy,

Below:  Look MA-- NO tits !   ( or even fried eggs )
Madonna will NOT get breast tumors.  Yoga experts do NOT even get diseases.




Lymph is a clear fluid that travels through your body's arteries, circulates through your tissues to cleanse them and keep them firm, and then drains away through the separate lymphatic system.



Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body.

Each cell is nourished by the nutrients, oxygen and proteins that flow across the walls of capillaries into the interstitial fluid. There is a dynamic balance between the forces that help those nutrients to first exit the capillaries, and then get reabsorbed back into the blood stream.

The lymphatic system, because of its physical proximity to many tissues of the body, is responsible for carrying cancerous cells between the various parts of the body in a process called metastasis. The intervening lymph nodes can trap the cancer cells. If they are not successful in destroying the cancer cells the nodes may become sites of secondary tumors.


Lymphatic blockages can result in a swelling at the lymphatic node junctions. This condition results in providing a breeding ground for viruses and pathogenic material.   The lymph system acts as a reservoir of infection, churning out billions of infected immune-system cells that eventually spill into the blood stream, where they travel to other parts of the body.  

Up to ten times as much virus may reside in the lymph system as in the blood.

Lymph vessels run through the body in much the same way blood vessels do. The capillaries of the circulatory system leak the plasma and nutrients into the tissues of the body to feed the individual cells. Most of that fluid is not returned to the circulatory system, but rather stays in between the tissue layers as interstitial fluid.

This fluid is filtered into the lymph vessels and travels back toward the heart where it will be returned to the circulatory system. When the interstitial fluid enters the lymphatic system the fluid is called lymph.

Lymph nodes lie in specific locations along the lymphatic vessels and perform vital functions for the body's immune system. 6000 years ago, Ayurveda and Yoga  realized that many lymph nodes are situated near the region around the joints.   Humans have approximately 500-700 lymph nodes distributed throughout the body, with clusters found in the underarms, groin, neck, chest, and abdomen.




All lymph vessels lead to lymph nodes. Lymph nodes can be as small as the head of a pin, or as big as an olive . Half of the lymph nodes in the body, are  located in the abdomen, and many are in the neck.

The movements of the limbs and positions held during Yoga , help to act as a pump to move the lymph through the system. They are located in clusters around the knee, groin, elbows, shoulders and neck. Lymph nodes are also found in the central abdominal and chest area to assist with lymph drainage around the vital organs.

Every Yoga movement take this into account. This is why Yoga must not be self inflicted.  Because the lymph doesn't have a heart to pump it so good circulation of the lymphatic system depends on getting proper stretching exercise and yogic inverted postures which use gravity.

Human lymph nodes are bean-shaped and range in size from a few millimeters to about 1–2 cm in their normal state. Fats are evacuated through lymphatic vessels. These vessels are located in virtually every area of the body where fats may accumulate. The functioning of the immune system is stimulated through increased lymph flow.

The additional flow carries more antigens to the lymph nodes, thereby increasing antibody/antigen contact. This has been found to help with chronic or subacute inflammatory processes -- chronic fatigue syndrome, autoimmune disease, bronchitis, sinusitis, amygdalitis, tonsillitis, laryngitis, arthritis, acne and eczema.

When the lymphatic system becomes blocked or begins working slowly then it effects all of the body. All of the toxins that your body will normally throw away will then be soaked into other organs and can cause other harmful health conditions, including obesity.

The Ayurvedic lymphatic drainage massage works with the filtering and cleaning of the lymph nodes, starting at the arms and legs and moving towards the lymph nodes.  The lymph nodes are gently stimulated, encouraging them to discharge their contents throughout the lymphatic network, facilitating the removal of lymphatic waste from the body.

IGNORANT western massues ( happy ending party ) and permanently damaged the non-return valves of your lymph nodes. Think back --when did you do allow a such a spurious massage on your back torso and shoulders.

Approximately 70% are superficial lymphatic capillaries located  just under, the skin. The remaining 30%, which are known as deep lymphatic capillaries, surround most of the body’s organs.

THE DEEP ONES CAN ONLY BE STIMULATED BY YOGA – NOT EVEN BY MASSAGE .


Lymphatic drainage massage ( use sesame or virgin coconut oil ) has a positive effect on the following conditions:--

Fluid retention – puffy ankles, legs, eyes, and abdomen.
Arthritis and rheumatism.
Assistance for migraine, headaches, and MS
Constipation and digestive disorders.
Sinusitis and hayfever.
Hormonal imbalance.
Recurring infections – colds, flu, ear or chest.
Skin disorders – acne, scleroderma, eczema and psoriasis.

Wearing a tight compression garment during yoga exercise also provides resistance to further stimulate the lymph flow.  This acts like wringing a wet towel.  Like body inversions and head stand exercises, twists offer your body new ways to remove toxins and flush important lymph around the entire torso.


Yogic asanas to aid lymph flow includes neck rotation, shoulder shrugs, ankle pumps, leg slides, shoulder blade squeezes etc.  Yoga diaphragmatic breathing and many yoga positions open up the chest cavity, while poses like shoulder stands, enlist gravity to help lymph fluid get where it is supposed to go.


Surya namaskar is done for deep Lymph node drainage.  Surya namaskar can increase lymph flow 20 fold.  Two-thirds of the lymph is produces in the liver and intestines.

Below: The main idea of doing Surya Namaskar is to do sun gazing. This is done when the altitude of the sun is low and the UV effect on the eyes is less.   




Because the lymphatic system is a closed pressure system and has one-way valves that keep lymph moving towards the heart, when one turns upside down like in Shirshasan , the entire lymphatic system is stimulated, thus strengthening your immune system.

Lymph fluid is relieved from the legs and ankles and with regular practice prevents the buildup of fluid in the legs and feet.  Usually gravity is pulling us down and compressing our bodies, yet when we do inversions this process is completely reversed. 



So instead of working against us, gravity is working for us by decompressing our bodies and reversing the flow of the lymphatic system, which does NOT have a pump.

Yoga asanasas help to shift lymph fluids around your body in ways that you would not ordinarily be able to achieve in daily life .

Inverted yoga poses are particularly beneficial to the white collar office workers who have occupations that require prolonged sitting still . These work positions increase the occurrence of fluid build up in the blood vessels and lymphatic channels of the legs. 



With light yoga inversions, swelling, discomfort and other chronic conditions can be alleviated. Finally surface lymph drainage massage and yoga asana deep lymph fluid channeling if done properly can cause obese people to lose weight and dimpled cellulite--it is more or less a miracle. .

Kalari marma knock out points can permanently damage certain NON-RETURN valves of the lymphatic system, when means the enemy goes home bloats up and dies.  

YOGA MASTERS HAVE A HUGE AURA.  PEOPLE WHO CAN READ AURAS CAN FILTER OUT FRAUD YOGA GURUS FROM A DISTANCE.

Below: Pattabhi Jois , Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga guru . Why are the students clapping?  Gratitude is inherent in yoga .



svasti prajābhyaḥ paripālayantāṁ nyāyena mārgeṇa mahīṁ mahīśāḥ
gobrāhmaṇebhyaḥ śubhamastu nityaṁ lokāḥ samastāḥ sukhino bhavantu


Meaning:
May prosperity be glorified,
May rulers  rule the world with law and justice,
May divinity ( brahmAn ) and Dharma ( cow ) be protected.

May all beings be happy and prosperous.


Below : Yoga guru BKS Iyengar .




Yoga has timings. 

You cannot get up at midnight and start doing yoga.  Like how the aerobic Zumba dancers swing their asses arount at night showing off their CAMEL TOES .  



The ancient Vedic seers knew this 6000 years ago.


Magnesium and potassium live normally within the human cell, and sodium and calcium are found outside. During the day sodium sneaks into the cell, taking a hydrogen ion with it, which is acidifying.  In order to buffer this acidity, which is toxic to the cell, calcium also moves in.  



This has the effect of displacing potassium ( by sodium) and magnesium ( by calcium ) which is pushed out of the cell.  At night the opposite takes place and potassium and magnesium move back into the cell, pushing out the calcium and sodium, which takes the hydrogen ion with it. This has the effect of cleansing the cell, so you should wake up bright and refreshed.

Surya namaskar needs the rising sun at low altitude. The solar wind at dawn, charges the earth’s magnetic field,  and stimulates the pineal gland.  This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze as the level of Ultra Violet rays is too low to harm your eyes.   At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head".

Pranayama ( deep breathing ) floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. If you are right handed you must breathe in via the left nostril. The reddish grey pineal gland is located in the geometric center of the brain.  It is located directly behind the eyes.

In Vedic times 10000 years ago, at the banks of the Saraswati river, the crystallised pineal gland of the great Masters was said to be the size of a lemon, and this with evolution, spiritual pollution and change in breathing patterns , has now been atrophied to the size of a very small pea.

In Mahabharata war of 4000 BC, Sanjaya , with awakened Kundalini and 12 DNA strands , sits hundreds of miles away from the scene of battle and gives the blind King Dhritarashtra a blow by blow account.

This gland can be activated by activated by sunlight ( sun gazing ) , and also by sound resonance ( mantra chanting ) during Surya Namaskar. .  It controls the various biorhythms of the body.The pineal gland calcifies with age and melatonin production correspondingly decreases.

When the pineal gland does not receive sunlight, it secretes Melatonin, which induces sleep, increases blood sugar, craze for food, leading to obesity, fears

Stop gazing directly at the sun when you feel uncomfortable and resume when you feel you can look again.  This timing must be built up day by day.   When you do Surya Namaskar, you must be bare footed and  if possible be bare chested.  Being bare chested increases the sex hormones.  

Stillness or steadiness of the eyes is not required, and so you can blink .  Do not wear any lenses or glasses while sungazing.  Have the firm belief that the sunrays in our eyes are of immense benefit and will not harm you .  As the days pass and you are able to look at the sun for more time, you will find find that you don’t eat too much . 

Physical and mental diseases will start getting cured.  Each day more energy blockages will be dissolved.  70 to 80% of the energy synthesized from food is taken by the brain and is used up in fueling tensions and worries.  With a lack of mental stress, the brain does not require the same amount of energy as before. 

As you proceed in sun gazing and as your tensions decrease the need for food intake goes down.  Hunger comes because of energy requirements of the body, which is a must for its existence.  Food is not a necessity for the body to function, only energy is.

You develop a corona of energy around you. As this energy field becomes stronger, diseases don't harm you. The sun is the force of all life, and staring at it can infuse the body with large amounts of energy. Sun gazing also has the added advantage of getting vitamin A and D during the 1-hour safe period window.

When sunlight enters the brain, through your eyes , your good qualities come into appearance replacing negative ones.  Eyes receive the entire spectrum of the sunlight while sungazing, which is distributed to the different parts of the body by the brain on a need per basis.  Sungazing causes the secretion of “feel good” hormones serotonin beta-endorphins, and dopamine.

Hunger comes because of energy requirements of the body, which is a must for its existence. Food is not a necessity for the body to function, only energy is. . For many people, eating seems like a good solution when there's nothing better to do.

Ancient Vedic scriptures tell us the quickest way to charge the bodies cells is by sungazing.  Take away the sunlight and all life on earth would soon perish.  Deprived of sunlight, man loses physical vigor and strength and will develop a disinclination for activity. 

Feed two animals the same diet but keep one in a dark closet and allow the other to be out in the sunshine. The animal that's kept in the closet will be weak, stunted and die prematurely.

Fruits and plants have the ability to trap and store sun energy. We get our energy from eating fruits , veggies and plants.


Surya is one of the principal vedic deities. He is pictured as riding across the sky on a chariot pulled by seven horses.  Seven horses and the seven colors of light for each of the seven chakras. The pineal gland (third eye) is equipped with photoreceptor cells.  




The rays of the sun with seven VIBGYOR colors have a cure for all kinds of diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's,  obesity,  arthritis,  osteoporosis, cancer and others. 

During surya Namaskar, the pineal secretes not only DMT, but other peptides as well that have psychoactive effects.  Vitamin D directly from the sun, is an excellent healing agent.

Surya namaskar needs the rising sun at low altitude with a grateful frame of mind.  

In Kerala some stupid evangelists started Jesus Namaskar doing the same physical asana with Jesus Christ’s photo in front sans breathing and sans the mental mantras .  



A dalit Christian convert, a darling of the Italian waitress  and a member of the National Monitoring Committee for Minority Education  John Dayal spAke  “Yoga, as it is currently practiced in India, is not merely a physical exercise.  It has a strong component of faith to it. Some of the exercises, such as surya namaskar, have a strong religious overtone. … It is not possible to purge religious tones from yoga” 

Readers must know the purpose of chanting Sanskrit mantras as a prayer.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/beej-mantra-anuswaram-nasal-sound.html


A muslim Mohammad Salim, national secretary of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, a Sunni Muslim organization in India, spAke  “ Muslims will not accept yoga as a compulsory subject.  Some forces are using yoga to strengthen their agenda of cultural nationalism.  Yoga can’t be made compulsory in India, which is a secular democracy.” 

So don’t do it !   

Who cares ?



Doing Jesus Namaskar does NOT work .

The solar wind at dawn, charges the earth’s magnetic field,  and stimulates the pineal gland.  This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze as the level of Ultra Violet rays is too low to harm your eyes.   

At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head".



During the Mahabharata war 6000 years ago, it was a terrific scene to see two opposing camps do Surya namaskar  and then pick up their weapons.



Serotonin receptors are activated by DMT and serotonin receptors regulate heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, pupil diameter.  DMT is a small molecule and is a  brain food that is rapidly transported across the blood brain barrier.  Infrared light is not visible to the human eye, it can be felt as heal.   

Far Infrared (FIR) penetrates below the skin and increases blood flow and improves white blood cell function.  FIR light helps remove toxins from the body and speeds the healing of tissues. FIR increases the metabolic rate and stimulates the hypothalamus.  Infrared lights are used to warm newborn infants in hospitals. 

Far infrared helps burn calories and reduce obesity. Improved blood flow to the lymph reduces inflammation.  FIR can remove a wide variety of metals from the body, including lead, arsenic, mercury, copper, cadmium, urea, nicotine, and the residue of prescription drugs.

The amount of serotonin produced by the brain was directly linked to prevailing sunlight duration.  A person low in Serotonin will be inclined to consume greater amounts of sugar in an attempt to increase Serotonin production and this may lead to sugar addiction.

Sunlight exposure decreases adrenaline and noradrenalin levels, reducing their stressing effect, and releases endorphins, which promote the feeling of "well-being".  It also increases vitamin D level.  The principal male hormone, testosterone, is known to be produced by the effect of sunlight on the skin.

Melatonin levels decreased in some of the blind patients when they were exposed to light, even though they couldn't see that light.  But when the researchers blindfolded these patients and then turned on the lights, melatonin levels did not drop.   Those findings suggest that although their eyes could not sense light in the normal way, they still were somehow regulating the release of melatonin, providing absolute evidence that the eyes are involved in functions other than vision.

Sunlight has the highest ratio of near-infrared light at sunrise ( Surya Namaskar time ) when the ultraviolet and blue radiation are scattered while red and infrared are passing through the atmosphere. That's why the sun is red at these moments, which are the best for improving the vision.

Near-infrared wavelengths can boost the activity of mitochondria, the crucial powerhouses in cells. When the sun is high in the sky with plenty UV in the light, the eyelids act as filters, letting only the infrared light to reach the retina. Blood exposed to infrared light had less blood cell aggregation (clumping together) which would free up more surface area of red blood cells to transfer nutrients and oxygen to tissues.

Surya Namaskar increases cardiovascular fitness.  This is a  a combined measure of a number of different parameters, such as resting pulse, rise of pulse after exertion, blood pressure lying and standing, rise in blood pressure after exertion, and time for pulse rate to return to normal after exertion. 

Sunbathing also increases the ability of the lungs to absorb more vital oxygen, as well as the blood's capacity to carry and deliver it. Oxygen deficiency has been readily linked to a host of illnesses and discomforts ranging from chronic fatigue to cancer.

Sunlight speeds up the clearance of toxins from the body several times. It catalyses digestion. Pathogenic bacteria is destroyed by sunlight. Before the advent of antibiotics people used sunbathing and sungazing.  Vitamin D of sunlight prevents colon cells from proliferating and prompts them to change into more mature cells which are less capable of becoming cancerous.   

The same process occurs in breast, skin and prostate cells.  Exposure to natural sunlight increases the number of the white blood cells in the body.  The main white blood cell increased the most is the lymphocyte. It is the lymphocyte that plays the leading role in defending the body in an invasion by bacteria and foreign organisms.

Because the lymphocytes increase in number after a sunlight exposure, their products of defense, the antibodies like gamma globulins, also increase in the blood. This increase of lymphocytes and gamma globulins greatly increase a person's ability to fight infections.

The lymphocyte is also capable of producing a substance called interferon. This substance has the ability to stop the reproduction of viruses. The ultraviolet light in sunlight increases the enzymes that metabolize toxic chemicals and help to remove them.  There are receptor sites for vitamin D on cancer cells that appears capable of converting human leukemia cells back into normal cells.  

Vitamin D produces a thirty percent improvement in body's conservation of proteins. The ultraviolet rays from the sun convert skin oil to vitamin D.  Sunlight lowers the level of cholesterol in the blood stream in humans

Infertility is associated with low vitamin D.  Vitamin D supports production of estrogen in men and women.  PMS has been completely reversed by addition of calcium, magnesium and vitamin D. Menstrual migraine is associated with low levels of vitamin D and calcium.

The excess of melatonin cause alcoholism and whitens the skin.  When melatonin was injected into rats turned them into alcoholics.  People from northern countries have increased melatonin, during the winter time, due to the weak sunlight, and that’s the reason they have a particular preference for alcohol..  

Women with a calcified pineal gland (associated with a low production of melatonin) have a significantly greater risk of developing breast cancer.  Breast, prostate, skin and colon cancer have a strong association with low levels of D and lack of sunlight.  Most men will develop prostate cancer if they live long enough and lack of vitamin D is a major cause.  

Men who live in colder climates have a higher incidence of prostate cancer because they get less sunlight.   Vitamin D inhibits the growth of new, undesirable blood vessels that tumors require for nutrient supply and growth.  

The world is coming back to Hinduism-- it took this quantum age to understand 7000 year old shepherd's verses , right?  These divine Vedic verses were handed over orally and learnt by heart from 30000 BC to 5000 BC.

The ancient Indian Dvau Bhuja Karanam has now been stolen and patented by the immoral west as “ Super brain Yoga “.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/dvau-bhuja-karanam-thoppu-karanam-itham.html

Pranayama— where you exhale twice as long as inhale  — IS MORE ABOUT DUMPING OLD EXPERIENCES, RATHER THAN MERE OXYGENATION OF BLOOD.

It is always starts with the left nostril for right handers – for left handers it is vice versa ( no book on pranayama talks about this ) .. Left handed people have their sub-conscious in the left lobe of the brain.
  
Breathe in the new , breathe out the old. Pranayama—inhale and exhale with awareness— long exhales with the sound of MMMMMMMMMMMM. 

Humming boosts level of nitric oxide—this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret . 

Ordinary breath is a mere 4%.

It is amazing Nitric oxide was discovered by Indian yogis 11000 years ago.  For re-inventing this a Nobel prize was given 2 decades ago. nitric oxide is necessary for-

1. Destruction of viruses, parasitic organisms, and malignant cells in the airways and lungs by inactivating their respiratory chain enzymes.
2. Regulation of binding - release of O2 to hemoglobin.
3. Vasodilation of arteries and arterioles (regulation of blood flow or perfusion of tissues).
4. Inhibitory effects of inflammation in blood vessels.
5. Hormonal effects. Nitric oxide influences secretion of hormones from several glands (adrenaline, pancreatic enzymes, and gonadotropin-releasing hormone)
6. Neurotransmission. Memory, sleeping, learning, feeling pain, and many other processes are possible only with NO present (for transmission of neuronal signals).

Obviously, during mouth breathing it is not possible to utilize one's own nitric oxide which is produced in the sinuses. The mouth, was created by Nature for eating, drinking, and speaking. At all other times, your trap should be shut. When there is lack of oxygen in your blood , you living to a small percentage of your potential.
  
Endurance exercise can increase oxygen utilization from 10 to 20 times over the resting state. This greatly also  increases the generation of free radicals, which can cause cancer.

Metabolism, or, more accurately the metabolic rate of the cells, sets the demand for oxygen. At rest, a human consumes about 250 millilitres of oxygen each minute. With exercise this rate can be increased more than 10-fold in a normal healthy individual, but a highly trained athlete may achieve a more than 20-fold increase..

Muscle can do more work, but beyond the aerobic scope they must revert to anaerobic metabolism, which results in waste products, mainly lactic acid. Various mental processes in old people are also found to be improved by breathing oxygen. Any slowed induction of protein synthesis, as from lower oxygen intake, with age is a factor in the deficits of learning and memory of old people.

70% of toxins in your body are released by exhalation— rest by sweat, defecation and urine— surprised? The mind is intimately connected to your breathing. Deep breathing triggers the lymph, your body’s sewage system which will give your cells more efficiency. It keeps the blood fully oxygenated. 

Breathe in the ratio 1/4/2.

Because oxygen is vital to life, the body and brain are extremely sensitive to even very small reductions . This is why exercise must be done at least ONE hour after a meal or oxygen required for digestion is used by muscles leading to indigestion and cramps. 

Stress, fear and anxiety causes muscles to contract and blood vessels to constrict. When blood cannot be transported freely through the body to provide oxygen, and antibodies and to carry away and dispose toxic wastes, illness sets in.


Mind is non material , but it works in partnership with communicator molecules. With every thought mind moves atoms of hydrogen, carbon , oxygen and other particles in the brain .

Knowing the connection between breath and consciousness, the ancient yogis devised PRANAYAMA to stabilise energy and consciousness.  All that vibrates in this universe is the cosmic personality and prime mover Prana, potent in all living beings and non-living beings --- heat, light, gravity, magnetism, vigor , power , vitality,life, spirit.

 When a man is contented and happy , he has more Prana inside him. Anxiety vanishes entirely when you are one with the rest of the universe. When your mind is disturbed the fundamental energy Prana leaks . Pranayama just reverses the process. 

Yoga says that longevity depends on slow diaphragmic breathing. People who do Pranayama regularly have quieter nerves , less lethargy , better sleep and lower BP.  It prevents accumulation of Uric acid which gives joint pains.

Fluctuations of mind are controlled and hence Pranayama prepares you for meditation.

Pranayama was created by the vedic sages who lived on the banks of the river Saraswati in 9000 BC.
Sage Agastya had taught Surya namaskar to Lord Rama just before his fight with Ravana in 4300BC. asically you are greeting a new day with a grateful heart. It is done in open air.

The benefits are:--

1)  You raise your consciousness
2)  Develop inner peace
3)  Rekindle your drooping spirit
4)  Detoxification of body and mind
5)  Your face glows --balance of mind, body and spirit.
6)  Mental clarity and concentration
7)  Raise your immunity
8)  Reduces biological age.
9)  Centring yourself and stoking your inner flame
10)  Gratitude and communion with self
11)  Awakening at cellular level, improves metabolism, burns fat
12)  Expansion of perception
13)  Physical exercise , stretching, flexing of spine. Removes stiffness of joints and ligaments.
14) Destress.
15) Good sleep at night.
16) Miraculous delivery from disease -physical and mental.
17) Your skin is cleansed by sunlight and you have less BO. Clears eyesight too.
18) Improves body posture.
19) Drives away phobias. 

At the end of Surya Namaskar you must do Shavasana.  



Lying down thinking of peaceful nature, to get into the Alpha brainwave mode.

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/06/alpha-state-and-earths-heartbeat-of-783.html

Let me digress –

Recently we had an little piece of turd by the name of Chetan Bhagat insulting Swami Ramdev at the India Today Conclave. 

You must know that our main stream media is funded and remote controlled by Big Brother.

Now Chetan Bhagat has a mediocre brain – the type we call "small caliber big bore".

Since he worked for Rothschild’s controlled Goldman Sachs , he has always been  pushing the sinister agenda of the Banking Cartel. No wonder he automatically got included in Rothschild controlled Time Magazine’s  100 Most Influential People .

He was all over TV pushing FDI in multibrand retail. 

Chetan Bhagat has self conferred the mantle on himself as “Indian Youth Ambassador”.  You should see this to believe .

Every TV show he would cry “This is NOT what young India wants !!”

And then he would push his foreign funded agenda “ Indians want jobs in Walmart and FDI stores , homosexuals want their rights BLAH BLAH “. 

His useless low IQ blogs would appear on Rothschild controlled newspapers and magazines.

Now—


At the India Today conclave he picked on a fellow guest --a respected Yogi . He insulted him. As if on cue the yuppies in the audience would giggle loudly in sarcasm.

Chetan Bhagat ridiculed Swami Ramdev’s claim that he can cure homosexuality with Yoga .
He thundered at Ramdev  “ So, what is wrong with homosexuality?  You'll take India back to the 16th century .  Your values are all wrong!” 

CLAP CLAP  from the ch00tiya ( sorry- cant see another apt word ) yuppie audience attired  in suit , tie and boot.

Yoga can cure much greater things than homosexuality.

In modern science anything which the doctors do NOT know is branded a genetic disorder.

  
Yoga Master the late K Pattabhi Jois,died at the age of 93.

Pattabhi Jois starts his classes 10 ten Surya Namaskars.  Like the name itself suggests , Surya Namaskar has to do with the sun and hence the Pineal gland. 

This super conducting resonator has mystical powers.

Once the third eye ( pineal gand ) is developed it is far more powerful than any of your 5 human senses. If you understand SURYA NAMASKAR which is done at dawn , as soon as the sun rises,   it is nothing but sun gazing while doing yoga. 

Singer Madonna learnt Astanga Yoga from Pattabhi Jois.  Madonna chanted the opening Ashtanga chant on her Ray-of-Light album, and also played an Ashtanga teacher in the movie The Next Best Thing.

Ancient Indian Maharishis had the ability to go on either isde of the narrow 5 bands of human senses.  By resonating their huge pineal glands with their 12 strand DNA they could transcend the limitations of space time. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

What does Ashtanga Yoga do for you?

 It improves the feel good factor giving you a natural high, reduces stress , increases vitality,  improves strength and flexibility , improves immune system function, improves blood and lymph circulation, eliminates body toxins, strengthens the cardiovascular system , improves digestion, metabolism and hormone production, gets rid of  depression and anxiety , reduces mind chatter,  improves  concentration, builds patience , gets rid of obesity and sloth, balances body- mind- spirit, and keeps diseases away .

Ashtanga Yoga stimulates the Vagus nerve and the Amygdala to cure many disorders conveniently branded as genetic disorders by modern medicine—just because they do NOT have a clue. 



T Krishmacharya the guru of Pattabhi Jois, stimulated his Vagus nerve and Amygdala to stop his heart beat and control involuntary muscles. 

Below : T Krishnamachari. 

He cured Lord Irwin  , the Viceroy of India from severe mental ( Bipolar ) and physical ailments ( kidney ) . He was about to go back home, when someone told him about Yoga guru T Krishmamachari.  

Grasping at the last straw he summoned this Yogi to his bunglow in Simla and arranged for a room. Within six months Lord Irwin was free of all his ailments ( considered as genetic ) and he was grateful to this Yogi, who did NOT charge any fees.  

Lord Irwin led a full life and died a normal death at a ripe old age--  34 years later.



The Vagus nerve is the longest nerve in the human body.  It extends from within the brain on a winding road throughout the body down through the intestine. 

The Vagus nerve also, just so happens, to be the only nerve in the body that is present through each one of the 7 Chakras. Besides output to the various organs in the body, the vagus nerve conveys sensory information about the state of the body's organs to the central nervous system.  

Vagus nerve regulates the chemical levels in the digestive system so that the intestines can process food and keep track of what types of nutrients are being gained from the food that is taken in. It  keeps the digestive tract in working order, contracting the muscles of the stomach and intestines to help process food, and sending back information about what is being digested and what the body is getting out of it. 

Stems cells are directly connected to the vagus nerve.  Activating the vagus nerve can stimulate stem cells to produce new cells and repair and rebuild your own organs. 

By activating the vagus nerve, you can control your immune cells, reduce inflammation, and even prevent disease and aging! Vagus Nerve can be activated and stimulated by Yoga -- and worked with energetically through chanting mantras, divine geometry like Sri Yantra and longitudinal wave frequency.

Vagus nerve acts as the mind-body connection, and it is the cabling behind your heart’s emotions and gut instincts. Without the functions of the vagus nerve, you would find it difficult to speak, breathe, or eat, and your heartbeat would become extremely irregular.

An underactive vagus nerve can lead to a condition called gasteroparesis. This condition leads to nausea, heartburn, stomach pains, spasms in the stomach and weight loss due to the digestive system having too little of the chemicals it needs to break down food. An underactive vagus nerve can also lead to a dropping heart rate.

Scientists have discovered that artificial Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS), through electrical impulses via a surgically implanted pacemaker like device, shows promising results in reducing depression, anxieties and conditions such as epilepsy and obesity. 

We are just scratching the tip of the iceberg here, as vagus nerve in conjunction with amygdala stimulation can do wonders. 

Vagus nerve is stimulated when we feel empathy.  When we connect with someone else's emotions and feel for them, the Vagus nerve gets stimulated.  Vagus nerve is attached to emotions, and hence the right lobe of our brain.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/rape-of-subconscious-mind-capt-ajit.html

The parasympathetic system is pretty automatic and not within that "conscious" control. Sometimes you need to step back and "allow" intelligent conscious morphogenetic energy to flow the way it normally would if you didn't put up a fight or flight.

 Human Beings have an Autonomic Nervous System (ANS) that is the body’s automatic regulatory system of nerves and controls that do all the background tasks that keep the body operating. The ANS is comprised of three separate subsystems, the Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS), the Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS) and the Enteric Nervous System (ENS).

The Parasympathetic Nervous System is responsible for many of our resting functions such as lowering heart rate, increasing digestive & gland activity and sexual arousal, the Sympathetic Nervous System is mainly associated with modulation of hormones and neurotransmitters relating to “flight or fight” responses.

When things in our life become ‘second nature’, like driving, typing etc they are effectively processed through our ENS rather than our CNS. The cerebrospinal system is the organ of the conscious mind and is the channel through which we receive conscious perception from the physical senses, and exercise control over the movements of the body.

While the cerebrospinal or central nervous system (CNS)  has the brain as its control center, the ENS has a ganglionic mass in the belly known as the Solar Plexus, often referred to as our second brain, as its central processing unit and it is in this coprocessor that most of our everyday tasks get executed from.

 The vagus nerve is the most important element of the parasympathetic nervous system (the one that calms you down by controlling your relaxation response).

When an athlete is said to be ‘in the zone’ and performing at near perfect levels, it is because they are practically and literally almost unconscious and functioning entirely through their ENS.

The Vagus nerve is responsible for speech, swallowing, keeping the larynx open for breathing, slowing heart rate, monitoring and initiating digestive processes, and modulating inflammation, among other actions.



The vagus rerve arises from the medulla in the brain and passes through the skull down within the chest cavity where it branches off in multiple directions to innervate organs and muscles. 85% of the nerve fibers are devoted to sending information from the organs/gut back to the brain.

The Vagus nerve also relays information to the brain from what is known as the Enteric Nervous System (ENS).  The ENS is our "second brain" controlling the digestive process; it is made up of over 500 million neurons that surround the digestive tract.

Like I said before , it is called a second brain because it can function independently from the brain if the Vagus nerve is severed.

Different postures that are adopted during Ashtanga yoga exercise helps in releasing pressure from the delicate nerve fibers. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) activates anti-inflammatory pathways that work in the digestive tract. 

VNS to be a possible treatment for chronic depression in people that didn't respond to any other treatments . Defects in the normal functioning of Vagus nerve may impair the normal control mechanisms that modulate the gastric acid secretion. 

By deep breathing, you activate the vagus nerve and bring balance between your parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system rn, nausea and weight loss.

All this was known to Ayurveda more than 6000 years ago.  The 108 marma points of  Kalari and Ayurveda were mostly to stimulate the Vagus nerve and the Amydgala..  Pranayama affects the amygdala.

The amygdala is the most sensitive structure and most active structures in the brain. It uses more blood than any other part of the brain. We humans are conscious creatures because we have more amygdala nuclei. 



The amygdala has in turn been implicated in nearly every psychiatric disorder. We don’t have animals with mood swings, and OCD , right?

The amygdala has a substantial role in mental states, and is related to many psychological disorders. Children with anxiety disorders tend to have a smaller left amygdala.

Larger amygdalae allow for greater emotional intelligence, enabling greater societal integration and cooperation with others.

There are functional differences between the right and left amygdala.  Electrical stimulations of the right amygdala induce negative emotions, especially fear and sadness. 

In contrast, stimulation of the left amygdala  mostly induces happiness.  The left amygdala plays a role in the brain's reward system. The amygdala is the seat of emotion. Psychopaths lack emotion. They lack empathy, remorse, guilt. Brain scans of psychopaths show a deformation in the amygdala compared to non-psychopaths.

 It is the amygdala which jolts our bodies in fear,  form emotional memories,  helps us feel our dreams and can shape the effects of certain stress disorders and phobias.
  
The two amygdale sit on the horn-like tips of the hippocampus. They work with our sympathetic nervous system to put the body in a state of “fight-or-flight”. The amygdala has an important role in memory.  It reminds us, for better or worse, of past situations. 

Since it is so emotional, the amygdala is responsible for those persistent thoughts and extra mental baggage we wish we would forget.  It nags us with recollections of painful or shocking events. So when a woman jumps out of her skin with a terrible shriek at the sight of a rat – its is just an example of her amygdala in action!

Stimulating the amygdala by meditation and Pranayama  can help you enter a psychological state of flow. Activating the amygdala in a positive way stimulates higher order mental processes. This can improve creativity and intelligence while elevating positive emotion.

There are also links ( which can be modified ) between homosexuality and the connectivity of the amygdala to the rest of the brain.
  
Homosexuality depends on hormonal factors operating during fetal life and NOT genetics.

No baby is born a homosexual. While the amygdala is almost fully developed at birth, the prefrontal cortex does not mature until early adulthood.
  
Damage to the amygdala can thus result in behavioral deficits such as autism, post traumatic stress syndrome, child abuse, alcoholism, etc. The amygdala is not only sensitive to physical hurt but also to emotional hurt. 

So it is involved in both the basic emotions such as pain, pleasure, fear, disgust, surprise, and anger but also in social emotions, viz., shame, guilt, love, embarrassment, envy, jealousy, and pride.

In this state you can easily overcome problems and disregard distractions. Being in flow on auto-pilot results in single-minded focus and joy that comes from losing yourself in productive activity. Trivial issues don't slow you down when you are actively engaged and living creatively.

The amygdala plays a central role in generating fear in response to external threats. The amygdala receives sensory information from two separate pathways: a short route and a long route.

Like all sensory information, the message is first routed to the thalamus. Then information is sent directly to the amygdala (short route), which produces a fast reaction to the situation. Other information travels from the thalamus through the cortex (visual, auditory, prefrontal, etc.) and then to the amygdala (long route). 

The cortex evaluates the situation, assigns it a meaning, and if the meaning is threatening, then the amygdala is informed and produces the appropriate response.

Gay women and gay men are more likely to be left-handed. The right amygdala is also linked with taking action as well as being linked to negative emotions, which may help explain why males tend to respond to emotionally stressful stimuli physically.  

The left amygdala allows for the recall of details, but it also results in more thought rather than action in response to emotionally stressful stimuli, which may explain the lack of physical response in women.  Gamma-Amino Butyric acid (GABA) is an amino acid which acts as a neurotransmitter in the central nervous system.

Astanga Yoga increases  our GABA levels , which reduces stress.  GABA levels and mood are positively affected by yoga practice. Low levels of GABA are linked to depression and anxiety. GABA is the major neurotransmitters in the central nervous system, and especially in the cerebral cortex, which is where thinking occurs and sensations are interpreted. 



GABA is made in brain cells from glutamate, and functions as an inhibitory neurotransmitter – meaning that it blocks nerve impulses.  Glutamate acts as an excitatory neurotransmitter and when bound to adjacent cells encourages them to “fire” and send a nerve impulse. GABA does the opposite and tells the adjoining cells not to “fire”, not to send an impulse.

Without GABA, nerve cells fire too often and too easily.  Anxiety disorders such as panic attacks, seizure disorders, and numerous other conditions including addiction, headaches, Parkinson's syndrome, and cognitive impairment are all related to low GABA activity. 

The less GABA, the more nerve transmissions occur. Depressed and bipolar patients to have lower levels of GABA in their blood plasma.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/in-zone-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/in-flow-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/gut-feeling-and-intuition-capt-ajit.html

“The lower knowledge is the knowledge of the phenomenal world. In reality it is ignorance, for it does not lead to the Highest Good. The seer of the Upanishads asks the aspirant to acquire both the knowledge of the relative world and the Knowledge of Ultimate Reality. When by the pursuit of the former he fails to attain true freedom and immortality, he cultivates the latter.” Mundaka Upanishad Mantra, 2.2.11, 5000 BC

Modern medicine has never looked on the human body as a whole like a Ayurvedic physician.  Allopathic has divided up the body into several part s – the cardiovascular system, the respiratory system, the cellular system, the digestive system, the endocrine system, etc. They do NOT understand the concept of body mind and spirit, which the ancient maharishis envisaged in all their wisdom. 

Meditation is an exercise of the mind and is a part of yoga .  What physical exercise is to the body, meditation is to the mind. 

Silencing the body is easy, but silencing the mind is difficult in this modern age.  Silencing is about grace, harmony and tranquility.  Exhaustion is NOT tranquility.

 In the modern age people get stressed, and they need to still the mind--the chattering monkey, which remains entangled in the past and the imagined future, but never in the present.

 Meditation is about holding your mind to the present.  The aim of every form of meditation is to still the mind, or you cant purify it and get rid of deep rooted negativities , which affect your health and even give you severe migraines.

 Meditation is a surgical operation of your subconscious mind to remove and discard negativity / ego and improve tolerance, grace and kindness.

For a layman-- you are stressed when your hands feel cold, your heart rate, breathing, and muscle tension increases. The result is that your immune system goes for a toss and you get depressed or burnt out.. Depression is a weird feeling of loss .

 Meditation  teaches you to look inwards, with awareness , within yourself and know the true nature of all sensations, and loosen the stranglehold of habits and vices..  He scans his own body and sees where the stress and tension is.

He just witnesses , he does not react.  His mind does not control him, rather he controls his mind.  It is a universal remedy for all universal ills.

Let me talk about Vipasana Meditation-

Find a quiet place to sit for 15 minutes. place where you can sit comfortably, undisturbed, for at least 20 minutes. Background noises like the sound of a car horn or a ticking clock should not be considered hindrances, and in fact can be legitimate objects of mindfulness. 

Don't wear earplugs .  Wear loose clothing  and be bare feet. Sit with your back and head held straight. You may sit on the floor or in a chair. Keep your eyes closed. If you must move, notice how and why you are moving.
  
Simply be mindful of in-and-out breathing. You may feel that your breathing is too short, too long, too gentle or too heavy. Do not try to control it. Stop judging. Just let it be, let it settle by itself as you watch.  It is the process of watching which is the meditation, not what you are watching.

When you become distracted, gently refocus your attention on your breathing. Keep watching. Just breathe... As the abdomen rises, observe the motion from beginning to end with your mind. When the abdomen falls, do the same. That's it. Just keep watching the rising-falling movements. You don't have to do anything to them. Just know the movements without judging or describing them. 

Restrict your attention to what is occurring in the immediate present moment. Don't think about the past or future— don't think about anything at all. Let go of worries, concerns, and memories. Empty your mind of everything except the movements occurring right now. But don't think about the motions; just know them.

In insight meditation the aim is not to think, but only to know.

As the abdomen expands, say the word "rising" in your mind. When it contracts, say "falling." Continue to note rising, falling, rising, falling, from one moment to the next. Ninety-percent of your attention should be on the actual movement instead of on the label. The aim in Vipassana is to know the object itself, not the word. 

The abdomen should not be visualized. You only have to know the movements. Be sure to breathe naturally; don't try to control the breath in any way. A mental note identifies the object in general but not in detail. For example, when a sound pulls your attention away, label it "hearing" instead of car horn," "voices" or "barking dog."

If an unpleasant sensation arises, note "pain " or "feeling" instead of "knee pain" or "my back pain." Then return your attention to the primary object. When aware of a fragrance, say the mental note "smelling" for a moment or two. You don't have to identify the scent.
  
The motto is: "Focus and forget it," or "know and let go."

Healing is NOT a physical process, rather it is mental. Mind can wipe mistakes off the DNA blueprint and destroy any disease that has disturbed the design. DNA's ability to repair itself is affected adversely when a person is in depression.

Meditation experiences silence, and is devoid of drives, wishes, fears , thoughts and emotions. Afterwards when the mind returns to its usual level of consciousness, it has acquired some freedom to move.. Grace and peace are the hallmarks of a healthy non-delusional mind in a healthy body.. The happiness is stable.

We have 5 senses – sight, hearing, smell, taste and feel.    God has given us narrow bandwidths which became even more narrow as our original 12 strand DNA , NIL junk, became degraded to 2 strand , 97% junk.   Probably it is good as stress has become too much in modern times and we do NOT want an overload of sensory inputs.


The ancient Maharishi with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland could use his body into most amazing uses.  

He could become invisible,  he could zap you with a mental blow, he could put his hand into steam ,  he could see auras and know what you are worth by just looking at you ( no need for written/ oral exams ),  he could teleport his virtual body  ( by the way levitation is NOT the human cadaver jumping up and down ), - -- 

--he could do telepathy , is a stinking place he could neutralise the smell , he could see the entire electromagnetic spectrum,  he could smell better than a blood hound,  he could hear beyond human  audio range ,  he could see complex math as a 3D fractal graph--,

--  he could read akashik records , he could ingest poisons , he could feel your aura and tell what is ailing you etc etc.

Many Christians and Muslims think that prayer can substitute for  meditation.  Sorry !  The former is a petition to  God, and the other is a detached observation of one's own mind, and its processes.

In the modern world, ancient Vedic meditation is used as a non-religious technique for relaxation and stress reduction for long-term psychological improvements.   Meditation is done to purify the mind and gain insight.  It abstracts the self from conscious thought, and frees the mind from feelings that cause stress and suffering.  

It fosters creative intelligence, raise consciousness, and enables fuller use to be made of mental potential.  The spiritual aims are peace of mind, wisdom, and, ultimately, a state of enlightenment or self-realization.  It is a  form of natural healing, and helps people cope with  anxiety, depression, and drug dependence.

The attention is focused on monitoring the breath, and noting thoughts crossing the mind, without any judgement or attempt at control, but as a silent and detached witness.   If the mind throws up distractions, the meditator returns to simply observing the breath each time the distraction happens.   A relaxed and unhurried attitude is important, since slowing down and observing the mind to see how it works is central to the philosophy behind meditation.

Using the mantra technique, the meditator concentrates on a mantra  to banish intrusive thoughts and thus achieve progressively quieter levels of thinking until thought itself is transcended. Mantras are essentially in Sanskrit being a divine language. 

The subtle vitalizing frequencies of mantras activate psychic energies and awaken our intuitive faculties.   The purpose of meditation in modern times is to destress, to stop the destructive mind chatter, for some time in a day--  to STILL THE MIND.

WHEN YOU STILL YOUR MIND,  NO CHEMICALS ARE PRODUCED.  The brain must not be allowed to pump in destructive F&F ( fight & flight ) chemicals into your body, which will shorten your life.

The reason why people remain mired in negativity is because of the beliefs they have inherited over time.  Beliefs are subconscious .

We can use our conscious mind to observe ,to introspect and dip into the subconscious where our beliefs are embedded , in order to eliminate it.  You can meditate, to rewrite these negative programmes that cause you misery.

During meditation thinking is separated from perceiving, so that the individual can stand apart from the emotional self. Indians use meditation to purify the mind and gain insight.   Meditation again, is a detached observation of one's own mind, and its processes, after squelching the 5 senses.

In the modern world, meditation is used as a non-religious technique for relaxation and stress reduction. The spiritual aims are peace of mind, wisdom, and, ultimately, a state of enlightenment or self-realization.  

Chanting mantras have an effect of banishing intrusive thoughts . It does a fantastic job of stopping hyperventilating, and slowing  down your breathing.

Next time you hyperventilate out of panic just try a simple mantra like-

 OM NAMO NARAYANAYA  or   OM NAMA SHIVAYA or  HARI OM



There are now thousands of peer-reviewed scientific papers which explain yoga’s efficacy as a healing modality for diseases as varied as cancer, depression, diabetes, and cardiovascular failure. 

Yoga has never been patented to make money – it was never ever meant to be that way. Yet we find many selfish Gurus patenting their own weird type yoga which does more harm than good. There is BAD KARMA involved and these jet setting Gurus who are sponsored by R controlled UN , with hundreds of branches all over the world , will learn , sooner than later.

The EVIL PHARMA is terribly upset that an ancient Yoga could easily replace billions of dollars’ worth of medications, surgeries, and even chemotherapy and radiation treatments.

Which is the world’s No 1 pilgrimage , far ahead of Kumbh Mela ?  Last year 55 million pilgrims attended .

It is Sabarimala ( Makaravilakku on Jan 15th ) for the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu Ayyappa.  Foreign Christain evengelists tried to use money power and stop this world’s greatest pilgrimage by building a private airport ( Aranmula ) to kill river Pampa.  Well this blogsite contributed in scuttling this slimy plan.


All pilgrims take a ritual dip in the Pampa river ( now dying ) also known as Dakshina Ganga , before heading to Sabarimala.

Below: Kill the Pampa river to KILL THE SABARIMALA PILGRIMAGE.





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/aranmula-airport-kerala-mindless-rape.html

IN TEN YEARS OF RULE, THE WAITRESS NEARLY KILLED THE MIGHTY GANGES TOO.   KILL THE GANGES TO KILL HINDUSIM

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/06/ganga-manthan-cleaning-of-river-ganges.html



At Sabarimala MAGIC happens in just 5 seconds.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/sabarimala-makaravilakku-three-light.html

 Pure awareness is a simple experience  —just a small gap in your thinking when you are without ego -- a small space of nothing—shuniata, while in a FIELD OF CONSCIOUSNESS.   


Deep peace is the side effects of this experience of “no-thing” or “no-thought.”   It is the realization that you are more than your thoughts.  Something is there beyond your mind. 

Quantum entrainment  is a process that instantly gives the body, mind and spirit deep rest and fast healing.   

At Sabarimala it works in seconds.  Yes, pure awareness is the deepest rest you can ever get—and it is so dang easy .

The quantum entrainment seeker does “nothing,” yet everything gets done for him.

When we allow pure awareness to suffuse our consciousness, the magic begins.   Quantum entrainment effectively heals the body, mind, emotions, and spirit and centers you .  




शांभवी मुद्रिकाः कृत्वा आत्मप्रत्यक्षमानयेत।
बिन्दु ब्रह्ममयम दृष्टवा मनस्तत्र नियोजयेत॥

सत्यं सत्यं पुनः सत्यं सत्यामाह महेश्वरहः।
शांभवी यो विज्ञानियात्स च ब्रह्म न चान्यथा॥

~ घेरंड संहिता

By assuming the position of Shambhavi Mudra a Yogi should see the self.  When the Brahma is seen in the form of a dot he should fix his mind on it and nowhere else.   A Yogi who knows the science of Shambhavi he himself becomes Brahma  and none else.   I, Lord Maheshwara (Shiva), am telling this again and again that this is truth.-   Gherand Samhita ( Hatha Yoga ) 5000 BC

The white invader has kicked forward Gherand Samhita by an amazing 6600 years --thank god that they did NOT claim to have written it like our Vedas .

As per the 7000 year old Vedas,  perception occurs in the gap of alert attention. This is the inner space.  There are many methods to create this gap.  Shambhavi Mudra is the most potent and easiest method.

Negative thoughts  create negative feelings and hence stress and illness.  Our inner voice evaluates, judges, compares and worries.   Most people live with such a tormentor in their head draining them of energy.

It is an awful burden not to be able to stop thinking.  Up to 90 % of most people’s thoughts are meaningless playbacks of old broken “records”.

Silencing the body is easy, but silencing the mind is difficult in this modern age.  Silencing is about grace, harmony and tranquility. Exhaustion or being drugged out of your mind is NOT tranquility.

In the modern age people get stressed, and they need to still the mind--the chattering monkey, which remains entangled in the past and the imagined future, but never in the present.  A person stops thinking either when he is dead or when he has realised. 

When your ego powered mind is chattering like a monkey or the angry sea, you miss the truth.  Truth can be communicated only in silence. For this deep silence you need to have harmony between the mind, body and spirit. 

Shambhavi Mudra synchronizes the 2 brain lobes to create inner balance.  

When the left and right sides of the brain , are in balance the human DNA generates scalar waves.   

When two energy fields exactly cancel out each other the 5th dimension is accessed which is all pervasive and has the power to heal. 

He is now in touch with higher levels or higher dimensions of functioning.  He will have  emotional stability and level headed approach to problems which confront him.  This is a fast,  amazingly simple, drug-free method of stimulating neural pathways in the brain. 

All right, now let me talk about practicals.

Wear loose fitting clothes which does NOT constrict you in any way.  Sit on a smooth surface , in a comfortable meditation pose .  This is to eliminate sense of touch / feeling.

Put your thumbs in your ears and palm your eyes with your middle and fourth finger.

Now do OM CHANT with an audible MMMMMMM ( for production of Nitric oxide ) .

You will feel intense vibrations inside your ear — the cochlea spiral passage resonated to 7.83 hertz ( OM frequency and also earth’s heart beat frequency ) and your brain produces NITRIC OXIDE .

Now select a silent, NOT so bright, cool place space, where there are NO strong smells  .  This is to prevent any input of sense of hearing/sense/ smell .   If you can even feel the clock ticking-put  ear plugs –only if you are a beginner.

Keep the head,  shoulder and spine upright and straight.  And place the hands on the knees in (Jyana Mudra).  

Upright is to keep the spirit level in the inner ear at equilibrium so that your brain lobes get balanced and synchronized.

Shut your eyes.   No need to be cockeyed .

Simply be mindful of in-and-out diaphrgmic breathing where you stomach rises and falls.   You may feel that your breathing is too short, too long, too gentle or too heavy.  Do not try to control it. 

When you become distracted, gently refocus your attention on your breathing.   Restrict your attention to what is occurring in the immediate present moment.  

When you feel you have blocked out all ahara ( feed ) via your senses of smell, sight, hearing and feeling , take a deep breath where you fill your lungs only 90 % and hold it .  Put your tongue on your upper palate and tickle it for just 2 seconds and stop.

Now start exhaling VERY slowly while keeping the tip of your tongue stationary on the roof of your mouth.

Don't think about the past or future— don't think about anything at all.  Let go of worries, concerns , and memories.  Empty your mind of everything. 

To be frank you cannot think even if if want to —I can challenge you on this . 

Do this 3 more times .  This means you inhale again , hold your breath and do the same thing.

Later on you do NOT need to hold your breath and you can do this procedure for LONGER TIME , without ear plugs and your eyes open against a blank far away wall of your room.

Do this exercise 5 times a day.  You must NOT have a full stomach.   You can drink some water before you do this.

This is it !


—so simple so fast , right?


India gave this planet prayer, mediation and mantras.

Meditation is NOT prayer !

Prayer silent or loud in vernacular , is NOT the same as chanting mantras in Sanskrit !!

If you do meditation the right way , you mind will NOT control you –rather you will control your mind.

You are stressed when your hands feel cold, your heart rate, breathing, and muscle tension increases.  The result is that your immune system goes for a toss and you get depressed or burnt out.. 

Depression is a weird feeling of loss.  .  DNA's ability to repair itself is affected adversely when a person is in depression.

Depressed people must keep a poster on the wall.

WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DEPRESSED ABOUT ?

Meditation experiences silence, and is devoid of drives, wishes, fears , thoughts and emotions. Afterwards when the mind returns to its usual level of consciousness, it has acquired some freedom to move.. 

Grace and peace are the hallmarks of a healthy non-delusional mind in a healthy body.. The happiness is stable.   A true yogi does NOT need to play with king cobras in front of an audience or drive a Hummer at high speed.  


Yoga is always done in a grateful frame of mind , to thank the universal laws, which sustain this planet.  If you translate any mantra you will find gratitude woven in its warp and weft.

Below: Yoga experts go to the river and pull their intestines out and wash it .



There are cannabinoid receptors in the amygdala. The amygdala has in turn been implicated in nearly every psychiatric disorder.

Mental patients damage themselves further by taking the toxic chemical medicines of evil pharma. Lab rats are NOT conscious creature like human beings. The mental research is all in the wrong direction.

Our tribal adivasis are now being used by foreigners , as lab rats for they do NOT know the meaning of depression. They live in the lap of nature , their needs are simple. They do NOT have negative thoughts and their bodies do NOT have after effects of EVIL PHARMA medicines. Their bodies and brains are unpolluted .

I PREDICT THAT IN THE NEAR FUTURE CANNABIS ( MARIJUANA ) THC EXTRACT WILL PULL THE CARPET FROM UNDER THE FEET OF EVIL WESTERN PHARMA.

BETWEEN YOGA AND CANNABIS MEDICAL EXTRACT ( NO NOT SMOKE IT ) EVERY MENTAL DISEASE AND GENETIC DISORDER CAN BE CURED.

I ASK NARENDRA MODI TO GIVE THE ORDERS ON CANNABIS.

Since I posted below, much has already happened in USA  . 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html


 Why did I put a post on UNTRIAL PRISONERS and give PM Modi a deadline ?  

I talked to a young man who was jailed for several months for having Cannabis on him .  He was just released from jail , he had NO money and I bought a tea and a sweet bun for him .  

So Cannabis is bad for this planet ?

Gay fu#kin' marriages are good ?

Gomutra , the urine of HUMPED cow can do wonders.  Capt Ajit Vadakayil says that human urine ( your own ) is toxic and must NOT be drunk .

Ancient Indians relied on organic Ayurvedic herbs .  Maharishis could see and read human auras . Their writings are full of wisdom.  There is much that the western scientists do NOT know.  

200 years back the most brilliant scientist would have scoffed at what a latest generation android mobile phone can do. Mind you, your own body is the ultimate machine . Only thing is that it has been degraded from 12 strand DNA to 2 strand DNA with 97% junk.  

You own body can heal itself .  Yoga does this for you.  Reiki waves from DNA can also heal others half way around the globe . These healing scalar waves travel faster than light.  A yoga guru who is NOT a healer is incomplete.

Don’t bother about what Albert Einstein said about light being the fastest , though he copied and plagiarized 100% from ancient Indian books.  He has NOT understood what he stole .

Punch into Google search -

ALBERT EINSTEIN SHAMELESS PLAGIARIST VADAKAYIL

So, do NOT shove Einstein down our Indian throats. 




My wife who is one level above a Reiki Grandmaster, was asked by a close friend to do reiki for a new born baby who was lying in a incubator along with several of such babies in a distant land – none of these babies had cried or drank milk after they were born.  




(Jesus Christ came to Kerala to learn reiki - he left after 3 years as a yogi and a healer) .

After several days of doing Reiki , suddenly my wife felt the energy being drawn.  Immediately she called up her friend.   Well all rushed to the baby and even the doctors were astounded to see the baby crying loudly for mothers milk..



The western brain ( no pun intended ) is going over the precipice soon.  VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE is coming !

 Mark my words .

Capt Ajit Vadakayil does NOT shoot blanks- people who know him will vouch for it ..  

Save yourself using Yoga , and Cannabis.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html




Below: The girl below also flashes her TWAT , for good measure !   I must admit she has a good tight one , unlike Lunny Seone !!  This is what I call a BONUS !!!






You will never find a yoga expert having BO ( body odour ).  What is the point in dating the most beautiful girl on this planet if she drinks AAARRRRRGHHH .

Sweat by itself is virtually odorless. But when microscopic bacteria that live naturally on your skin mix with sweat, they multiply quickly and raise quite a stink.   

Once to win a wager, I used to wear the same T shirt and socks for TWO months on the ship and challenge anybody to point out bad smell .  I used to hang  it on a hook in the gym. People used to sign on it in secret places , using black board marker so check out if I washed it on the quiet.

Most of the MO ( mouth odour ) comes from her stomach.  Indians are the only ones who scrape the tongue after brushing the teeth. Yoga experts do NOT have dry mouth ( xerostomia).

Saliva is necessary to moisten the mouth, neutralize acids produced by plaque, and wash away dead cells that accumulate on the tongue, gums, and cheeks. If not removed, these cells decompose and can cause bad breath.

What is the point in kissing a gorgeous girl if after that you are gonna puke your guts out ?



Yoga crunches the skeletal muscles unlike other form of exercise .The best part is that the body uses its own weight .  



Skeletal muscles can perform extreme feats of strength for a few seconds but are much less capable during prolonged activity.  Most of the extra energy required during  bursts of activity ( like a short sprint ) cannot come from the oxidative processes because they are too slow to respond.

Instead, the extra energy comes from anaerobic sources: (1) ATP already present in the muscle cells, (2) phosphocreatine in the cells, and (3) anaerobic energy released by glycolytic breakdown of glycogen to lactic acid. 

Skeletal muscle contraction enables our joints to move and allows us to engage in physical activity and exercise.   Glycolysis is a form of anaerobic metabolism.  Glucose, obtained mainly from intramuscular glycogen stores, is metabolized to lactic acid under conditions of short duration, high intensity exercise when oxygen supply is limited.  



Glycolysis provides ATP more rapidly than oxidative metabolism.  Hydrolysis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) provides chemical energy required for the mechanical work of skeletal muscle contraction. Mind you, ATP was discovered by an Indian named Yellapragada.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html

Because the supply of ATP within muscles is small, metabolic pathways that lead to resynthesis of ATP must be activated to keep pace with demands for continued muscle contraction.  These pathways are either anaerobic (without oxygen) or aerobic (oxygen required).  

ATP is synthesized from adenosine diphosphate (ADP) with energy provided by phosphagens, anaerobic glycolysis, or oxidative metabolism.


If aerobic is Brahma ( Tamas )  , anaerobic is Shiva ( Rajas ) , with Vishnu ( Sattva ) acting as a mediator .   Dance of the opposites with a mediator is DVAITA Vedanta.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

There are two anaerobic power systems available to the body:---

The Adenosine Triphosphate-Creatine Phosphate (ATP-CP) system, 

and

The anaerobic glycolysis/lactic acid system.

The ATP-CP system is used for efforts lasting less than 10 seconds; while the anaerobic glycolysis system powers efforts longer than 10 seconds, lasting up to a few minutes

Anaerobic training is achieved through: speed and power training

Anaerobic training increases athlete's lactate tolerance the size of the fast twitch muscle fibres.

A higher anaerobic capacity enables an athlete to:  Perform at a higher intensity over a specific distance—and, when required maintain a high intensity for a longer period of time

Below: Usain Bolt (like Carlos Tevez ) is my hero ! Everybody on this planet can run-- and he is the best !




 Usain Bolt is a 100 metres world champion because he does ANaerobic training - the Adenosine Triphosphate-Creatine Phosphate (ATP-CP) system.

While running 400 metres his body switches to the anaerobic glycolysis/lactic acid system.

A marathon runner—after breasting the tape takes his victory lap in a totally different mode.

Both the ANaerobic and aerobic systems are utilized during training and athletic performance.

Below: Usain Bolt and the ALSO RANS !




Both the anaerobic and aerobic power systems are important to the athlete and each needs to be trained to optimize their athletic performance.   

All muscle work is powered by ATP. Muscles use ATP as an energy source.

ATP is created in essentially two ways. One is by aerobic metabolism using oxygen carried in the bloodstream. This is a sure and steady way to create virtually unlimited sources of energy; however, it has a limit on how fast it can work.

The athlete has to ensure that they train both power systems to maximize their athletic performance. The anaerobic system is utilized in all-out efforts of exercise lasting up to 50 seconds. 

 The aerobic system, also known as aerobic glycolysis, powers continuous steady state exercise for longer time.  Aerobic training increases aerobic capacity through adaptations to the athlete's oxygen transport and utilization systems.  

Aerobic glycolysis is dependent upon the athlete's aerobic capacity, which is their functional capacity for oxygen transport (i.e. distribution of oxygen rich blood to body tissues) and utilization (i.e. ability of muscle to use available oxygen to produce energy.

Trained marathon runners have a greater ability to quickly deliver oxygen to the working muscles which increases the ability to use aerobic metabolism at a higher exercise intensity.  

During intense power exercise, such as fast 100 metres sprinting or lifting heavy weights, muscles rely on anaerobic metabolism, which can only produce a certain amount of energy at a time, unlike the aerobic metabolism system, which can produce energy over hours like for a marathon runner .

A good sports coach is NOT a rustic CHOOT who gets Dronacharya awards without knowing the science behind athelete training.   He would have NEVER heard of VO2 max and how to increase athletic performance.  

BHAG  BHOSADIKE type of coaching cannot secure world records .



In the aerobic system energy (ATP) is produced through Pyruvic Acid and Lipid/Protein fragments entering the Kreb Cycle and the Electron Transport Cycle. Creatine phosphate (CP) is stored in larger amounts than ATP and can rapidly resynthesis ATP anaerobically. Breakdown of CP within skeletal muscle occurs quickly during high intensity exercise.



Glycolysis is a form of anaerobic metabolism.  Glucose, obtained mainly from intramuscular glycogen stores, is metabolized to lactic acid under conditions of short duration, high intensity exercise when oxygen supply is limited.  Glycolysis provides ATP more rapidly than oxidative metabolism.


The cardiovascular system is limited in its ability to quickly deliver blood and oxygen to the working muscles.  Because of this, during high intensity exercise, ATP is also provided by anaerobic metabolism that don't require an ongoing supply of oxygen.  Anaerobic pathways can provide ATP immediately, but they also have limited stores that need to be refilled after they are used up.



Yoga is far better than tai chi to improve balance and prevent falls in older adults.  Poor Chinese oldies do NOT even know why they  do tai chi.

Below: Tai chi does NOTHING for the aged , like Yoga-  to reduce inflammation and help out in  urinary incontinence.


Yoga is a low impact exercise and that is why it is great for senior citizens with joint problems.

Yoga understands that that the heart is more than just a pump for blood . The heart sends messages to the brain, and the brain obeys. 

Real yogis can stop the heart at will.  T Krishamachari was chosen by Viecroy Irwin only because he could stop his heart or make it flutter fast and this impressed him.

The heart can inhibit or facilitate the brain’s electrical activity. I read in the newspapers a couple of day ago that it takes 3 months to heal a broken heart .  Increasing the energy of the heart and thymus helps to address the emotional issues associated with a ‘broken heart.’   

When our thymus is compromised, we go on a self destructive path .  It damages the immune system which can no longer fight off viruses or bacteria .  Anything the western doctors do NOT know that claim that it is genetic disorder or that the immune system is attacking the body cells. Yes- the dog ate the homework , we know !


An amazing nervous system intrinsic to the heart consists of more than 41,000 neurons which allow the heart to learn, feel, sense, remember, and even make functional decisions without the full consent of the brain.  People who know the art of quartz crystal dousing of the heart chakra know about this.  

Below: The west made fun of Indian sages who could see auras. Then a Kirlian camera changed all that.


When my wife did her reiki grandmaster test , the last test was to douse the gurus body with a quartz crystal.  She found a weak manipura chakra.  The old guru ( a physics professor in his young age ) presented his personal dousing quartz to her .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/chakra-vortex-scalar-energy-transciever.html





Asanas of yoga , pranayama and meditation, shore up the the heart’s intelligence instead of that of the mind. The psychological benefits of yoga is unknown to western medicine. Today modern doctors know that yoga can heal the mind by dissipating stress, jealousy, anxiety, fear and negativity. 

Below: Ancient maharishis could see auras and judge from a distance what you are worth -- they did NOT need written exams and orals .  

They sponsored worthy people . Worthless people were told to do unskilled labour.  

Do you really think that a modern 3 hour written test and one hour orals can judge your potential?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/untouchables-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



Homosexuality which forces people to prey on children - where he/ she will be a different person behind closed doors, is part of this human psychopath negativity. 

Some women pretend to be divya mataji type angels — only their laptop repair man knows what foul pornographic sites they surfed daily ( crashed before deleting history ) and how much dirt lies in their debauched minds.  

Yoga is the only exercise to have the headstand to increase the flow of blood to the brain. Yoga asanas channel blood flow to internal organs selectively.  People who have suffered years of severe migraines found yoga reducing the number of attacks and the pain. Some has migraines stop completely. 

Yoga lowers blood pressure and pulse rate. This is a sure indication of your health getting better and this is NO pseudo science. Asanas increase oxygen flow to body cells.  Yoga improve conditions of irregular heart rhythm.  It has been proved in western hospitals by sheer statistics that yoga makes brain stroke recovery faster .  

Yoga reduces sodium levels and increases level of red blood cells.  For diabetics it helps reduces blood glucose levels. Western women know how Yoga relieves discomfort associated with menstruation and menopause.

Women who want natural delivery of children go to yoga centres.  Women do NOT want caesarian delivery any more.  Babies  born by cesarean section are six times more likely to be sensitive to dust mite allergens than babies born naturally.  

The Babies who are born via C-section have a different microbiome in their gastrointestinal tract.  A microbiome is what scientists use to describe the bacteria communities that reside in humans, whether it's in our mouths, on our skin or in our digestive system.

In human beings, bacterial cells outnumber human cells 10 to 1.  These bacteria are important -- we couldn't exist without them.

In the womb, babies are sterile.   When they go through the birth canal, they get exposed to the entire bacteria population of their mother's vaginal and GI microbiomes.  Through this exposure, their own immune systems learn the difference between good and bad bacteria -- i.e. what to fight off and what to use. READ THIS PARA A THOUSAND TIMES.

Now you know why the west is inundated by allergy problems. Our ancient maharishis knew of all this thousands of years ago. In Hindu culture when a baby boy is born, the father does NOT handle the boy till the 16th day.

In ancient days , on the 16th day , the father will get up before daybreak, and take a bath in clean  water infused with a few drops of ganges river water ( for  bacteriophages  ) . He will then squeeze a few drops of water from his Kudumi into the baby’s mouth.  Only then he will lift the child and cuddle and kiss him for the first time.

Digression:  Bacteriophage, is a virus,  any of a group of viruses that infect bacteria—it literally means  “bacteria eater”.  A British bacteriologist by the name of Dr Ernest Hankin found that colonies of cholera bacteria that thrived in ground water quickly died in Ganges water.   Even today the polluted Ganga that kills pathogens twenty-five times faster than any other river.  Bacteriphages can eliminate the bacteria in the water.

Below: Bacteriophage from Ganges river .



The water wrung out of the wet Kudumi is charged with human spirit ,  basically scalar energy.  This is also a method to introduce some bacteria from the father into the baby. The mother has already transferred her body bacteria while doing NATURAL delivery.

Yoga uses the boys own weight. So what is so smart about that? Hey, stupid—the body will never crysh under its own weight . That is why ! And it tones every muscle and ligament in ZE process. 

 Yoga does NOT require any equipment and special clothing / footwear ..  It does NOT need weights or exercise equipment.  You can do yoga anywhere under the skies.  

It is a great boon for prisoners.  They can come out healthier than they went in, even with the meager prison food.  When a situation occurs, a normal person will react to the situation either positively or negatively.  On the other hand, a yoga practitioner will accept the situation calmly, analyze the situation with a calm and composed mind and try to learn a  lesson from it instead of reacting to the situation in a negative way.

Yoga is self-regulating, so you’ll find the more complex poses too hard to maintain if your circulation is not up to the mark. But as you stick with it you’ll notice that you can do more poses, and that you can hold them longer without getting tired.  This is a sign that your circulation is improving!   

The benefits of good blood circulation can range from being less likely to have a blood clot to being more likely to get and sustain a hop –nay- erection  .  

As you tone and build lean muscle, your metabolism increases .You burn calories in the act of performing the poses.  Once you get into yoga you automatically eat healthy foods . 

Your body mass gets reduced.  Students of yoga get all the answers in a meeting as the increased blood flow leads to better memory and perception.

Yoga can stave off diseases like Alzheimers and other mental disorders.  The white man knows that his race is hurtling head on towards the deadly brain disease VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html

Yoga has the ability to lower blood sugar levels.  Yoga holds the power to transform our minds as much as it does our bodies. Yoga improves dexterity and hand to eye coordination . You get more creative and imaginative.

When yoga can help people manage bipolar disorder , homosexuality kaun sa khet ka beet root hai ?  Yoga has the ability to help you to evolve . A person evolves physically and spiritually when connected with yoga. 

The more you  practice yoga, the more life comes under control.  Yoga is NOT like taking a walk or being a weekend warrior in the gym.  Nobody will do yoga one day and leave it the next.  It is an evolution and does not happen overnight.  The more one continues yoga,  the more one will evolve. The results makes yoga appealing . It is a happy exercise.

No yoga student tries to show off like a person in a gym trying toshow off his biceps and six pack.  The results are fromwithin.   By yoga hormones can be controlled and when hormones are in balance, the body mind and spirit is in balance. No other exercise impacts the hormones as yoga.

In the west they have done statistical yoga experiments  on patients with  atrial fibrillation12 (irregular heartbeat)—a condition in which the upper chambers of your heart quiver chaotically, with huge success .  

Yoga increases energy, alertness , mental clarity and and focus by improving circulation of oxygen and nutrient rich blood . This improves improves your posture which directly affects your breathing by increasing our oxygen levels and energy.

Improved functioning of you immune system,  thyroid (metabolism),  circulatory and respiratory systems will result in fewer sick days, decreased vulnerability to infections and improved sleep patterns.   

In the west , the doctors recommend officially yoga to combat hypertension and high blood pressure in patients with heart disease. When the endothelium ( lining of the blood vessels ) becomes irritated, it becomes a contributing factor to cardiovascular disease . Yoga has the ability to reduce stress hormones such as cortisol can help ease tension on the lining to decrease risk of heart attack or stroke.

Shirsasana ( head stand ) uses gravity to drive the blood where it lacked flow. Good blood flow to the head makes you look younger. 

My father did shirshana almost till he died .  He was a member of RSS before Indian Independence.  Yoga was a daily morning thing. .. When he died at the age of 78 his glowing face did NOT have a single wrinkle .  All his teeth were intact.  He had a heavy crop of silver hair.  

Blood that concentrates and passes through the location of the thyroid gland massages and stimulates it. The thyroid secretes thyroxin which controls the metabolic rate of the body.  Systems of the body are free from gravitational pull reversing the effects of aging and rejuvenate the whole system as all the organs, limbs.  Headstand improves your mental clarity. 

Included in the physiological benefits are the drainage of blood and lymph which are held in reserve in the legs. Any inversion, when the legs are held over the heart, helps to move stored fluids into the core for oxygenation, filtration and elimination of metabolic /cellular wastes 

Shirsasana the "king of all asanas" because of its positive effects on your body, mind and spirit.  Freshly oxygenated blood stimulates your pituitary and pineal glands to calm and revitalize your mind. Sirsasana  strengthens your lungs and helps relieve colds, cough, sinusitis, sore throat and asthma. 

This upside-down pose aids digestion, especially if you are suffering from constipation.  You can lengthen your spine and ease pressure on your lower back. Sirsasana deepens and calms your breathing because of the increased pressure on your diaphragm.   

It causes  the breath to slow down, the blood absorbs more oxygen, which benefits your brain and inner organs as it nourishes cells and tissues.



Shirsasana brings your attention to alignment and balance.  By rooting firmly in your foundation, the crown of your head, you can lengthen your spine and ease pressure on your lower back.  Engage your neck muscles to relax your jaw and vocal muscles.  As a heating pose, shirsasana prepares you for back bends.


Asanas should be practiced slowly and held for a certain period of time in order to affect the glandular secretions of the endocrine system .. 

Without yogic intervention, the thymus tends to shrink as we age.



The thymus gland, located behind your sternum and between your lungs, is only active until puberty. After puberty, the thymus starts to slowly shrink and become replaced by fat.

Thymosin is the hormone of the thymus, and it stimulates the development of disease-fighting T cells. The thymus gland will not function throughout a full lifetime, but it has a big responsibility when it’s active—helping the body protect itself against autoimmunity, which occurs when the immune system turns against itself.  


Therefore, the thymus plays a vital role in the lymphatic system (your body’s defense network) and endocrine system.

Before birth and throughout childhood, the thymus is instrumental in the production and maturation of T-lymphocytes or T cells, a specific type of white blood cell that protects the body from certain threats, including viruses and infections. The thymus produces and secretes thymosin, a hormone necessary for T cell development and production.

The thymus is special in that, unlike most organs, it is at its largest in children. Once you reach puberty, the thymus starts to slowly shrink and become replaced by fat. By age 75, the thymus is little more than fatty tissue. Fortunately, the thymus produces all of your T cells by the time you reach puberty. 


Thymosin stimulates the development of T cells. Throughout your childhood years, white blood cells called lymphocytes pass through the thymus, where they are transformed into T cells.


Once T cells have fully matured in the thymus, they migrate to the lymph nodes (groups of immune system cells) throughout the body, where they aid the immune system in fighting disease. 

Though the thymus gland is only active until puberty, its double-duty function as an endocrine and lymphatic gland plays a significant role in your long-term health. 

Kurmasana ( tortoise pose ) stimulates the Thymus gland – just one of several asanas.



Yoga stretches the muscles and ligaments . Poses held for a minute can be stressful.  But the practitioner remains calm during this uncomfortable period.  

It is this deliberate and cheerful calm during discomfort or even pain that create yoga's greatest neurobiological benefit.  

Before, the stress response in the nervous system is triggered reflexively by discomfort and disorientation. The twisting of your spine, the lactic acid building up in your straining muscles, the uneasy feeling of being upside down, the inability to breathe free , are all different forms of discomfort and disorientation.  


All this tends to lead reflexively to anxious thinking and activation of the stress response in the entire nervous system.  However, just because this response is automatic, does not mean it is necessary.   It is, in fact, just a habit of the brain.   

One of the main purposes of yoga is to retrain this habit so that your brain stops automatically invoking the stress response.




Under any real stressful circumstance you can attempt the same calming techniques: breathing deeply and slowly, relaxing your facial muscles, clearing your head of anxious thoughts, focusing on the moment.  Applying these techniques to real life is what yoga is all about.

Yoga pays attention to the present moment and calms the mind.  Over time you will start to retrain your automatic stress reaction, and replace it with one more conducive to overall well-being.

Yoga cuts out emotional eating. You stomach is bloated like a balloon yet you want to raid the fridge.
Stress causes binge eating. People eat when frustrated, lonely or bored.  

Food not only meets the basic physical need but also social, emotional and psychological needs . Emotional eating is when you eat for reasons other than for hunger. 


Over time, compulsive overeating usually leads to obesity. Obesity, in turn, causes numerous medical complications, including:

Type 2 diabetes
Gallbladder disease
High cholesterol
High blood pressure
Heart disease
Certain types of cancer
Osteoarthritis
Joint and muscle pain
Gastrointestinal problems

Sleep apnea

Accumulation of visceral fat correlates with insulin resistance, whereas subcutaneous fat deposition correlates with circulating leptin levels

Leptin tells your body it's full and ghrelin stimulates appetite.  When you don't sleep, they get all out of whack—this makes your leptin levels decrease and your ghrelin levels increase.  This is why fatsos must have good sleep. The fatso eats  unconsciously – he loves to raid the fridge even when his stomach is bursting full  .

Ghrelin and leptin act on the brain via the hypothalamus . Leptin is secreted primarily in fat cells, as well as the stomach, heart, placenta, and skeletal muscle.  Leptin decreases hunger.  Leptin tells the hypothalamus that we have enough fat in the kitty , so we can eat less or stop eating. 

For weight loss — the more leptin the better. Both insulin and leptin resistance are associated with obesity, and impairment of their ability to transfer the information to receptors is the true foundational core of most all chronic degenerative diseases. 

Diet and exercise are your top allies when it comes to improving insulin/leptin sensitivity, and yoga,  can do that just as well as other forms of exercise.

Yoga can help you kick big-time stress . Yoga gets you to quiet the mind, and it also gives your body an outlet to release energy blocks that may have you stressing out even more . Peace of mind is a state of mental and emotional calmness, with no worries, fears or stress, and yoga helps you to achieve this state.

When you start practicing yoga you’ll be releasing pent up energy that could prevent you from falling asleep, and sleeping soundly once you do get to sleep.  Yoga helps relax your nervous system, which is the part of your body responsible for restful sleep or a night of tossing and turning.  

Regular yoga has shown to be associated with making better food choices. It creates an awareness of the emotional sensations associated with hunger and eating, which is attributed to the mind-body connection gained from practicing yoga.

With its ability to lower blood pressure and heart rate as well as improve respiration, yoga provides you with the means to deal with and resolve anxiety and depression without resorting to expensive medications.

Yoga boosts memory and improves concentration. It is the perfect way to clear your mind and calm your senses. You are able to remember things, concentrate, and perceive much better. .  Yogis have better moods, better anger control, and enhanced mindfulness.  Yoga's mental aspect brings a whole new meaning to the phrase “blissing out.”



Yoga reduces the effects of traumatic experiences. Many white soldiers come to India during vacations to use spirituality and  surgically remove negativity inherited from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). 


Patients who suffer from this mental illness frequently experience nightmares and flashbacks, to name a few of the symptoms. They are unable to have proper REM sleep.   



Modern medicine has NO effect on the underlying factors of PTSD. Most are immune to the mindless approaches of modern medicine.



When in danger, it’s natural to feel afraid. This fear triggers many split-second changes in the body to prepare to defend against the danger or to avoid it. 



This “fight-or-flight” response is a healthy reaction meant to protect a person from harm. But in post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), this reaction is changed or damaged. 

Below: I ask Narendra Modi-- have you bothered to check with our own jawans , out of Siachen, Kashmir, Red Corridor, --by a secret  poll?





People who have PTSD may feel stressed or frightened even when they’re no longer in danger.   



PTSD was first brought to public attention in relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as mugging, rape, torture, being kidnapped or held captive, child abuse, car accidents, train wrecks, plane crashes, bombings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. 


The amygdala kicks into effect here.

Yoga has been shown to be completely effective in reducing or eliminating PTSD symptoms, according to the American Psychological Association.





Yoga is the ONLY  counterattack against the ravages of PTSD.



PTSD (Post-traumatic stress disorder) sufferers have reduced insular cortex volume.  




Participants who had gained long-term yoga practice have greater cortex volume than control participants who had not practiced yoga.



Health is not a mere absence of disease. It is a dynamic expression of life – in terms of how joyful, loving and enthusiastic you are. Yoga is THE ONLY WAY to calm a mind plagued and ravaged by guilt, jealousy, fear , greed , anxiety , revenge etc.   

Our system is a seamless blend of the body, mind and spirit.  An irregularity in the body affects the mind and similarly unpleasantness or restlessness in the mind can manifest as an ailment in the body.




The mind is constantly involved in activity – swinging from the past to the future – but never staying in the present.  Some are addicted to staring into the rear view mirror. 

The present is food on the table. The past is shit in the sewage tank. The future is unknown.

By simply being aware of this tendency of the mind, we can actually save ourselves from getting stressed in a falthu manner.

Yoga and pranayama helps bring the mind back to the present moment, where it can stay happy and focused..  Yoga can help improve your relationship with your spouse, parents, friends or loved ones, which has been damaged by ego and mind games ! A mind that is relaxed, happy and contented is better able to deal with sensitive relationship matters.

Yoga and meditation work on keeping the mind happy and peaceful.   There is a hidden benefit for a strange bonding with the yoga students who attend classes with you.  This bonding coming out of sub-conscious acceptance lasts a lifetime. This is far better than having a beer club buddy.

Below:  In the yoga class such is the camaraderie that  bank balance , looks , age , skin colour , sex etc does NOT matter. They have shared laughter , social outings and rip-roaring picnics -like small children.  Kindness and grace prevails ( for a change ).



 This is the mission of this blog site . To make you experience the joy of your own being .  To make you place your own conscience on the highest pedestal. To make you trust the GOD within you. People who are plagued by guilt do NOT have good REM sleep.

Why is REM sleep so important?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html

A beggar sleeping under a tree , if he has better sleep than you, it richer than you. You have a general idea that you spend 38 % of your life on this planet sleeping , right ?

When you do NOT sleep well, sinister apparitions disturb your sleep. You cook up your own ghosts. Do you really think that hit men and butchers who take life , sleep well ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/sleep-paralysis-and-sinister-presence.html

Yoga and meditation have the power to improve your intuitive ability and gut feeling. This you have to experience yourself. Don’t take my word for it .  When you strengthen your body / mind/ spirit connection , magic happens- you deal with your own emotions .

Do you know that NO human being sheds a tear , except due to SELF PITY ? You may feel you are crying for someone else. You are NOT.  You identify yourself in that pitiable situation and then your cry. 

I knew of a shipping boss, who took a useless manager with him when he started his own company. So once I was having a long drive with him , I asked him-why did you take that SPENT FORCE –nay- dead wood along with you. He said –the moment I announced that I am resigning, he burst into tears .


So I lead him from darkness to light . 

He cried out of self pity !!  

There is NO way any other shipping company will employ this useless man.  Such people do NOT even dare to go to a new restaurant to eat something different for lunch. 

TEE HEEEEE!

There are some cocky character who say that they are COOL CATS.  They say that stress drips off them like water off a ducks back ( one of them is an orangutan anchor on TV )  . 

Stress is usually thought of as an innocuous condition that can be ignored, but it does wreak havoc on your body. Apart from releasing harmful free radicals, it also damages the body’s immunity and leaves you tired , irritable and snappy.  

Here’s where yoga comes in like the knight in silver armour. Not only does yoga help calm the mind but also helps beat the ill effects of free radicals and helps build your immunity.  

There is nothing on this planet better than Yoga for stress management. 

A lot of it has to do with deep long diaphragmatic breathing. Shun these FAKE gurus who teach your PATENTED hyperventilation which screws you up by agitating the nervous system.  Shun these sullen faced English literature graduate Youtube gurus who tell you to utter ridiculous BRZEE mantras .



Janardanan K. V Nambiar
December 30, 2014 at 8:22 AM
Sir,
What is your opinion about Sri Sri's Sudarshana Kriya?

Regards

Janardanan. K. V
########################
ReplyDelete
Replies

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
December 30, 2014 at 10:10 AM
hi jkvn,

Yogic breathing is essentially deep and diaphragmatic.

Sudarshan Kriya patented by AOL , is hyperventilation  -- which is NOT allowed by ancient  yoga.

It causes martini effect ( nitrogen narcosis ) which is bad for the brains.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil with a technical mind , knows more about these matters than TRIPLE SRI or any other English literature graduate gurus .

To top all this he has patented it and charges money for this course .

Yogic breathing is diaphragmatic breathing, or deep breathing is breathing that is done by contracting the diaphragm, a muscle located horizontally between the chest cavity and stomach cavity.

Air enters the lungs and the belly expands during this type of breathing. This deep breathing is marked by expansion of the abdomen rather than the chest when breathing.

Yogic breathing is relaxing and prevents symptoms associated with stress, like high blood pressure, headaches, stomach conditions, depression, anxiety, etc

Shallow breathing, thoracic breathing, or chest breathing is the drawing of breath into the lungs, by drawing air into the chest area using the intercostal muscles rather than throughout the lungs via the diaphragm.

Shallow chest breathing causes health disorders - anxiety disorders, asthma, hyperventilation, pneumonia, pulmonary edema, and shock.

Conversely anxiety, stress, and panic attacks often accompany shallow breathing.   Ayurveda and Yoga has recorded this in writing 6000 years ago.

TRIPLE SRI patented sudarshan kriya causes Nitrogen Narcosis ( Martini effect ) which damages the brain.

WHEN MY WIFE DID HER SUDRAHSNA KRIYA COURSE , WITH TRIPLE SRI—I HAD ASKED HER TO REPORT BACK TO ME ABOUT CARPOPEDAL SPASMS— WHICH SHE EXPERIENCED .    SHE HAD TO TUCK HEr BODY EXTREMETIES LIKE PALMS AND FEET WITHING HER BODY COCOON TO ALEVIATE THIS CONDITION.

If excess ventilation cannot be compensated metabolically, it will lead to a rise in blood pH.  This rise in blood pH is known as respiratory alkalosis.  

When hyperventilation leads to respiratory alkalosis, it causes a number of physical symptoms: dizziness, tingling in the lips, hands or feet, headache, weakness, fainting and seizures.

In extreme cases it can cause carpopedal spasms (flapping and contraction of the hands and feet). Your body relies on carbonic acid to regulate the acidity of the entire bloodstream. By hyperventilating you remove far too much CO2 from your blood.

The acidity of your bloodstream falls as a result. This has all sorts of nasty effects on your body if it is sustained, not least of which is an interference with nerve transmissions.

Hypocalcemia, which results from hyperventilation, can cause tingling sensations, spasms of the muscles, and even convulsions.   Hyperventilating DOES store extra oxygen.  But you can't necessarily use that extra oxygen, because with low CO2, your blood becomes too alkaline.

Hemoglobin, in an alkaline environment, doesn't want to release the oxygen bound to it.

Anesthesiologists sometimes recommend that their patients hyperventilate prior to putting them under general anesthesia.   Bhastrika yoga which employs voluntary hyperventilation is NOT Vedic Yoga . This is white man’s yoga.

The Martini effect theory developed by divers is that every ten meters (33 feet) of depth is the equivalent of drinking a martini. At 30 meters (100 feet), the depth at which Nitrogen Narcosis becomes noticeable the feeling is said to be the equivalent of having consumed 3 martinis. 40 meters (130 feet) would be 4 martinis, etc.  

Nitrogen narcosis is a neurological impairment caused by excess dissolved blood nitrogen .

I do NOT want to launch into VO2 max and confuse my readers.

capt ajit vadakayil

..

BY THE WAY THIS BLOG POST WILL NOT DWELL ON VARIOUS ASANAS.  

THERE IS A GOOD BOOK WRITTEN BY BKS IYENGAR FOR THIS. I CHALLENGE MODERN UN AND R SPONSORED GURUS ( ENGLISH LITERATURE GURUS ) WHO HAVE HUNDREDS OF BRANCHES AROUND THE WORLD,  WHO LAND UP ON TOP 100 OF R CONTROLLLED TIME MAGAZINE --

HIMMAT HAI TOH --

TAKE A CHALELNGE AND DO 0.01% OF WHAT T KRISHNAMACHARI,  BKS IYENGAR , PATTBHI JOIS CAN DO.    T KRISHNAMACHARI COULD STOP HIS HEART BEAT , WE DONT WANT OUR MODERN ELIJAH DARLINGS TO DO THAT .

YOU CAN ALSO WATCH BABA RAM DEV'S YOUTUBE YOGA VIDEOS.  BUT DO NOT OVERDO HIS KAPPAAL BHATTI .


Below: BKS Iyengar, the man who remained FIT till he he died at the age of 96 --  he had renal failure due to poor GM food choices while travelling abroad.   




Below: Pattabhi Jois at the age of 90-- he died at the age of 93, again due to poor GM food and A1 toxic milk (of HUMPLESS cow) - choices while travelling abroad . 




Below: Tirumalai Krishnamacharya at the age of 100 . He was a great son of Bharatmata.




Below: TRIPLE SRI is younger than me . Does a Yoga guru have a gargantuan paunch and dyed hair /beard ? 

What about the other guru Jaggi Vasudev whose eyebrows suddenly got white ?  






Buddha Zorba
December 31, 2014 at 11:07 AM
so does kapal bhatti have a place in yoga pranayam ?

Delete
####################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
December 31, 2014 at 11:26 AM
hi bz,

a lot of yoga was INVENTED by the white invader and kapalbhatti  HYPERVENTILATION is one of these.

In 8000 year old yoga we had Vatakrama kapalabhati, where exhalation is active while inhalation is passive, the opposite of normal breathing.

We had Vyutkrama kapalabhati where water is drunk through the nose and expelled from the mouth .

We had Sheetkrama kapalabhati, the reverse of Vyutkrama kapalabhati, in which water is taken in through the mouth and expelled through the nose.

YOGA DOES NOT SUPPORT HYPERVENTILATION !

Our Vedas caution against it.

Example:
 “Yatha sinho gaja vyadho, bhavedvashya shanaiha shanaiha. Thartheva sevitho vayurnyartha hanthi sadhakam”- Sama Veda 5000 BC

(Just like an elephant, a lion or a tiger can be tamed slowly and gradually, in the same way a practitioner should try to tame his breath slowly, slowly or else it kills the practitioner himself )

Kapal Bhatti shown on TV causes hernia and then you are screwed.

HYPER VENTILATION shortens your life span .

What the hell is TRIPLE SRI doing --  he patented hyperventilation and is making money on it. Martini effect ( Nitrogen narcosis destroys your brain) .

Fake yoga gurus have caused strangulated hernia -- which is a life-threatening condition.

Does TRIPLE SRI know yoga?

Where did he do his training ?

A hiatal hernia occurs when the top portion of the stomach pushes through a weakened opening in the diaphragm where the food pipe (esophagus) joins your stomach (called the hiatal opening).

Inguinal hernia is due to weakness of the abdominal muscles which holds the organs in their original positions . So the organ gets protruded through inguinal canal and sometimes to scrotum.

An incarcerated hernia happens when part of the fat or small intestine from inside the abdomen becomes stuck in the groin or scrotum and cannot go back into the abdomen

Aerophagia is a condition where a person ingests too much air, which goes into the abdomen and results in sporadic belching-- this happens when you hyperventilate .

Break Hernia is the outcropping of a part of the abdomen into the thoracic (chest) hole due to decline or crack of the diaphragm.

Yogic breathing is NOT hyperventilation like kapalbhatti -- or triple sri ravishankar's SOO HUM -- it is deep diaphragmatic breathing.

Did his GARGANTUAL TONDH not come in between his training ?

Is his body a Yoga teachers body like BKS Iyengar or Ramdev ?

Can TRIPLE SRI strip down to his waist and show us his yogic body ?

We in Kerala know more about Yoga. -- as all Ayurvedic physicians knew yoga

I WILL POST ON YOGA SOON.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete
######################
Buddha Zorba
December 31, 2014 at 12:04 PM
eagerly awaiting your post on Yoga !!!!!!


Delete


Hyperventilation immediately causes “a changed state of consciousness” albeit a FAKE one . I made my wife attend a AOL class just to feel .  Hyperventilation has been used by FAKE gurus to grab power. Some FAKE gurus  have even LIED that the Kundalini has started awakening .

One fine day I  MAY drag all these FAKE R darling gurus by their nostrils to China Town—till then let them  dance  merry.

In this blogsite along there are several technical posts on Nitrogen —  Capt Ajit Vadakayil is professionally qualified and certified to talk about Nitrogen, Oxyegan and Carbon dioxide . .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/cpr-ambu-bag-and-oxygen-resuscitation.html


##################################

This is what B.K.S. Iyengar wrote in his book “Light on Pranayama”.  

He has told the truth even though he does NOT have a technical mind . 

QUOTE :  Bhastrika means bellows: the air is forced to come in and out of the lungs, similar to the work of the bellows. In other types of pranayama an inhalation influences the length, quality and rhythm of an exhalation, but in bhastrika it is an exhalation that dictates force and tiempo. 

In bhastrika an inhalation and an exhalation are done with an effort. Sound produced during this pranayama is similar to the sound of the bellows.

Both these pramayamas (kapalabhati and bhastrika) activate and strengthen liver, spleen, pancreas and stomach muscles, as well as improve digestion. They dry up sinuses and stop a runny nose. They cause a sense of happiness.

Notes and warnings:--

1. Bhastrika generates prana that in its turn activates the whole body. As too quick kindling blows up an engine or a boiler, as too prolonged bhastrika endangers the lungs and exhausts respiratory system because the process of breathing is too intensive.
2. As the sound decreases, stop and start again, or lessen number of blow-throughs and cycles, or make a pause in a practice for one day.
3. Make a pause in your practice when you feel irritation or tension.
4. Stop the practice when the sound of an exhalation is incorrect or blows-through do not go properly. Any forced action leads to injury or nose bleeding.

People with weak body constitution or limited capacities of the lungs should not try to practice bhastrika or kapalabhati, as their blood vessels and brain may run risks.

The following people should not practice pranayamas:
а) women, as forced blows-through can lead to prolapce of abdominal organs and the uterus, and breasts may get weak and get flabby;
b) people suffering from deseases of eyes and ears (for example, pus in the ears, retinal detachement, glaucoma);
c) people with high or low blood pressure;
d) people suffering from nasal bleeding, intensive pulsation or pain in the ears.

 If anything of the mentioned above happened to you, stop the practice immediately for several days.  Then try again, if the symptoms persist, it means that the practice does not suit you.   

Many people have a wrong understanding thinking that bhastrika pranayama awakens kundalini-shakti. 

Authoritative books affirm the same concerning many pranayamas and asanas, but it is far from the truth.  

There is no doubt that bhastrika and kapalabhati refresh the mind and agitate it for activity, but if people think that by that they awaken their kundalini, in a result thay can damage their body, nerves and brains.
#################################

Let me break a bombshell today.

Many old people while doing hyperventilation on their beds have died and their deaths have been pronounced natural.

Hypoxia (also known as Hypoxiation or Anoxemia) is a condition in which the body or a region of the body is deprived of adequate oxygen supply

Hypoxia is an insidious killer.  There is a tendency for euphoria to develop while motor skills and reasoning abilities deteriorate.

Hyperventilation may be described as a respiratory rate excessive for the body's oxygen requirements. It may be voluntary or involuntary and can occur in relation to many different activities.

Hyperventilation may be obvious, as in the case of children preparing to compete in underwater swimming, or it may be covert as for example when the respiratory rate increases from a required 12 per minute to an excessive 15 per minute and remains elevated for a prolonged time. 



Whatever the cause the results are the same.  Carbon dioxide, the most potent stimulus to respiration, is blown off in excessive amounts.  The PACO2 falls and respiratory alkalosis develops.  The cerebral vessels become constricted . 



You feel drunken dizzy, a coldness and tingling around the lips and a feeling as though there was a band around the head.  Nausea may be present.  Peripherally there is vasodilatation and stimulation of sensory nerves causing a sensation of pins and needles in the hands and in the feet. 



If hyperventilation continues carpopedal spasm develops and the subject may become unconscious and develop frank tetany.  With the breath held the carbon dioxide levels build up once more and the symptoms disappear in reverse order.



Obviously such a chain of events can lead to an accident. This has been documented in some incidents in young fighter pilots or untrained private pilots who have inadvertently flown into bad weather and have kept the microphone button depressed, broadcasting their breath patterns up to their final moment. 



Hyperventilation is excessive ventilation of the lungs, beyond what is required to achieve normal arterial blood gases. Hyperventilation has little effect on arterial pO2 and almost no effect on oxygen saturation which is nearly 100% under normal circumstances. Its main effect is to lower pCO2 and produce a respiratory alkalosis. 




A secondary hypocalcaemia also occurs as calcium dissociation is shifted towards the unionised, bound form. In the lungs, oxygen from inhaled air is exchanged for carbon dioxide from the blood. This process takes place between the alveoli (tiny air pockets in the lungs) and the blood vessels that connect to them. 



When a person hyperventilates, this exchange of oxygen for carbon dioxide is speeded up, and the person exhales too much carbon dioxide. This lowered level of carbon dioxide causes the pH of the blood to increase, leading to alkalosis.



Hyperventilation is the cause in unexplained accidents.  If one considers the symptoms of hypoxia and hyperventilation it will be seen that they are very similar.  As it is imperative in the air that no mistake be made, the treatment for both is to breathe 100% oxygen and to reduce the rate of respiration.

I WANT TO SEE THE FACES OF ALL MEDICAL EXPERTS ( CHOOTS ) WHO PRAISED TRIPLE SRIs HYPERVENTILATION  .  

Below: Yoga of Shukracharya does NOT allow chest breathing which happens during hyperventilation ( propagated by FAKE gurus having hundreds of branches all over the world and who are darlings of R controlled media ) -- 

YOGA AND PRANAYAMA , ALLOWS ONLY DEEP DIAPHRAGMATIC BREATHING .



The diaphragm is a large, dome-shaped muscle located at the base of the lungs.  Your abdominal muscles help move the diaphragm and give you more power to empty your lungs.   



Diaphragmatic breathing  decreases the work of breathing by slowing your breathing rate. It uses less effort and energy.

Diaphragmatic Breathing is a way of interrupting the "Fight or Flight" response and triggering the body's normal relaxation response.

When the diaphragm contracts, in conjunction with the intercostal muscles, it lowers the pressure in the thoracic cavity. This enables air to enter the lungs. 

When breathing out, the diaphragm relaxes along with the intercostal muscles, allowing air to leave. Air may be forced out faster by increasing abdominal pressure using the tranverse abdominis muscle.

75% of the people on this planet do wrong type of breathing- their chest rises as the intercostal muscles contract. Yet, the stomach is drawn in by activation of the tranverse abdominis muscle and the diaphragm is not engaged. 

Whilst this might present a more pleasing profile in a mirror, it reduces the volume of oxygen available by only partially expanding the lungs. These people die faster.


Due to rapid more shallow breathing, the chest does not expand as much as it would with slower deeper breaths and much of the air exchange occurs at the top of the lung tissue towards the head. This results in "chest" breathing. 

You can see if you are a chest breather by placing your right hand on your chest and your left hand on your abdomen. As you breathe, see which hand rises more. If your right hand rises more, you are a chest breather. If your left hand rises more, you are an abdomen breather. 

Chest breathing is inefficient because the greatest amount of blood flow occurs in the lower lobes of the lungs, areas that have limited air expansion in chest breathers. Rapid, shallow, chest breathing results in less oxygen transfer to the blood and subsequent poor delivery of nutrients to the tissues. 

With regular practice you will breathe from the abdomen most of the time, even while asleep. The diaphragm is a large muscle located between the chest and the abdomen. When it contracts it is forced downward causing the abdomen to expand. This causes a negative pressure within the chest forcing air into the lungs. The negative pressure also pulls blood into the chest improving the venous return to the heart. This leads to improved stamina in both disease and athletic activity. 

Like blood, the flow of lymph, which is rich in immune cells, is also improved. By expanding the lung's air pockets and improving the flow of blood and lymph, abdominal breathing also helps prevent infection of the lung and other tissues. But most of all it is an excellent tool to stimulate the relaxation response that results in less tension and an overall sense of well being. 

By getting more oxygen into your lungs, and then into your blood stream, your muscles will have more "fuel" and the heart will need to beat less quickly and with less effort. When this occurs, the amazing and complex interplay between the brain and the various hormone-producing parts of the body (like the adrenal cortex) will change and smaller amounts of stress hormones will be released. 

The liver and kidneys will then be able to "catch up" with all of the stress hormones in the blood stream and the fight or flight response decreases and then ultimately stops. 

This blogsite now wants you to turn over a new leaf . Flood the internet on facebook and twitter. Inform even you cat and your dog- it is that important . 

EVIL PHARMA and doctors do NOT want you to know all this.  Reawakening correct breathing allows you to tap one of your body’s strongest self-healing mechanisms. 

More than 85% white men do chest breathing-why ? Their culture demands it. 

They are rewarded for stifling strong emotions. They are rewarded for swallowing their sputum. They are rewarded for not washing their assholes after a crap. They are rewarded for NOT scraping their tongue after brushing teeth. 

Below: Yoga stimulates your parasympathetic nervous system, which is responsible for “rest and digest” activities—the opposite of the fight-or-flight stress responses managed by your sympathetic nervous systems. 



What happens when you hold back tears, stifle anger during a charged confrontation, tiptoe through a fearful situation, or try to keep pain at bay? Unconsciously, you do chest hyperventilation . 

You see these beach bums who have NO happiness inside their homes , walking about the beach holding their tummies in to impress others .  A “washboard” stomach considered so attractive in our culture encourages men and women to constrict their stomach muscles. This adds to tension and anxiety, and gradually makes shallow “chest breathing” feel normal. 



Shallow breathing hobbles the diaphragm’s range of motion. The lowest portion of the lungs — which is where many small blood vessels instrumental in carrying oxygen to cells reside — never gets a full share of oxygenated air. This makes you behave like an as$hole – nay—FAT as$holes.. 

Deep abdominal breathing encourages full oxygen exchange — that is, the beneficial trade of incoming oxygen for outgoing carbon dioxide. Not surprisingly, this type of breathing slows the heartbeat and can lower or stabilize blood pressure.




Yoga increases GABA levels in the brain.  Low GABA levels are associated with depression.  Low GABA levels are associated with Alzheimer’s disease.



Yoga increases GABA, a get-calm chemical . 

People who did regular yoga had significantly more GABA, and had increased mood and decreased anxiety, than those who didn't do the practice and walked instead. 



More than 40% of the synapses in the human brain work with GABA and therefore have GABA receptors.  

GABA is classified as an inhibitory neurotransmitter, as opposed to excitatory neurotransmitters.   GABA slows down neuron firing.   Other neurotransmitters – adrenaline, nor-adrenaline, dopamine, serotonin, glutamate – have an excitatory function, i.e. they stimulate neuron firing.

Most of the substances used to relieve anxiety – alcohol, cannabis, tranquilisers – get their effect through boosting GABA in your brain.   The EVIL PHARMA sells GABA supplements for anxiety and insomnia . 

It does NOT work.   




When GABA is taken orally, GABA levels in the brain do not increase,  because the substance itself cannot pass the blood-brain barrier and enter the central nervous system.



In humans, GABA is directly responsible for the regulation of muscle tone.  Helps you relax and handle stressful situations more easily. Teaches you how to quiet the mind so you can focus your energy where you want it to go , and be in the moment.

Yoga means to be in perfect tune.   Your body, mind and spirit work in harmony.   When you fine-tune yourself to such a point where everything functions so beautifully within you, the best of your abilities will just flow out of you.  When you are happy you have unbound energy. 

Happiness is about equilibrium or dynamic balance between your  body, mind and spirit. - for life is a combination of spiritual, intellectual and physical aspects.  People who do yoga do NOT sweat the small stuff. 

Using a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine, it has been proved that meditation changes the physical structure of the brain..







Below:  Using a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine, it has been proved that meditation changes the physical structure of the brain..


Prayer is NOT meditation. The former is a petition to  God, and the other is a detached observation of one's own mind, and its processes.




Meditation  abstracts the self from conscious thought, and frees the mind from feelings that cause stress and suffering.   It fosters creative intelligence, raise consciousness, and enables fuller use to be made of mental potential.

The increased gray matter in the meditators’ brains should make them better at controlling their attention, managing their emotions, and making mindful choices.

The brain you have today is, in part, a reflection of the demands you have placed on it. People learning to juggle, for example, develop more connections in areas of the brain that anticipate moving objects. 


Medical students undergoing periods of intense learning show similar changes in the hippocampus, an area of the brain important for memory.  And mathematicians have more gray matter in regions important for arithmetic and spatial reasoning.

The spiritual aims are peace of mind, wisdom, and, ultimately, a state of enlightenment or self-realization.  Meditation and yoga  is a  form of natural healing, and helps people cope with  anxiety, depression, and drug dependence.

If you practice focusing attention on your breath or a mantra, the brain will restructure itself to make concentration easier.   If you practice calm acceptance during meditation, you will develop a brain that is more resilient to stress.    




And if you meditate while cultivating feelings of love and compassion, your brain will develop in such a way that you spontaneously feel more connected to others.

The attention is focused on monitoring the breath, and noting thoughts crossing the mind, without any judgement or attempt at control, but as a silent and detached witness.  If the mind throws up distractions, the meditator returns to simply observing the breath each time the distraction happens.  

A relaxed and unhurried attitude is important, since slowing down and observing the mind to see how it works is central to the philosophy behind meditation.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/beyond-theta-state-to-turiya-capt-ajit.html

7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency  is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness. Most people are in an alpha state during the short time immediately before they fall asleep and when the conscious nervous system switches over to the subconscious.

The "alpha state" is where meditation starts and you begin to access the wealth of creativity that lies just below our conscious awareness

Alpha is also the home of the window frequency known as the Schumann Resonance, which is the resonant frequency of the earth's electromagnetic field.

When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch. It is, in fact, environmental synchronization.

Experienced meditators and yoga experts feel greater compassion.  Yoga and meditation reduces anxiety and aggression among prison inmates

Using the mantra technique, the meditator concentrates on a mantra  to banish intrusive thoughts and thus achieve progressively quieter levels of thinking until thought itself is transcended. The subtle vitalizing frequencies of mantras activate psychic energies and awaken our intuitive faculties.

A racing mind deprives you of sleep. Yoga and meditation helps to calm down the mental chatter and free yourself from the constant loop of thoughts that keeps you awake at night. 

Mantras still the activity of thought and helps you find a deeper level of consciousness. You will believe in Mantras only if you see a video of the mind boggling perfect geometric patterns,  sand will form on a tonoscope ( cymatics )



A potent Vedic Gayantri Mantra ( 5000 BC ) —

Om
Bhur Bhuva Svaha
Tat Savitur Varenyam
Bhargo Devasya Dheemahi
Dhiyo yonah Prachodayat
    

(OM) OM (Dheemahi) We meditate (Bhargo) upon the Spiritual Effulgence (Varenyam Devasya) of THAT Adorable Supreme Divine Reality (Savitur) the Source (Bhur, Bhuva, Svaha) of the Physical, the Astral and the Heavenly Spheres of Existence. (TAT) May THAT Supreme Divine Being (Prachodayat) enlighten (Yo) which (Nah) our (Dhi Yo) intellect (so that we may realise the Supreme Truth).


During meditation thinking is separated from perceiving, so that the individual can stand apart from the emotional self.  The reason why people remain mired in negativity is because of the beliefs they have inherited over time. Beliefs are subconscious.

We act in the way we do because we are not aware of our beliefs and the feelings that these beliefs generate. That is why it is important to obeserve yourself and look within. We can do it. That is why we are different from animals.

We can use our  conscious mind to observe ,to introspect and dip into the  subconscious where our beliefs are embedded , in order to eliminate it.  You can meditate to rewrite these negative programmes  that cause you misery.

To be a mystic or a seer is not the same thing as being a spectator on the fence.  Mysticism provides an escape from a life of uninspired existence. It magnifies man and gives him a hope and destiny to fulfill.

In the modern era the road to holiness necessarily passes through the world of action.  You cant sit in a place , speak very little and call yourself a sage . 



Above:  The sign of OM is the sign of Hinduism.     OM is the first and foremost of all mantras. Mantra is the sound body of consciousness.   OM is the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.    All Hindu Sanskrit mantras start with OM and end with OM.  OM surcharges the innermost being of man with vibrations of the highest reality.  The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz. The rest in inaudible. This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear. These cosmic sounds were heard by rishis in their spiritual trances which broadened their sense spectrums. The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM. The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM. When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place. In our case, the brain and the global electric circuit resonance leads to a rise in amplitude in the waves dancing in our brain. Rise in amplitude causes a rise in our consciousness energy.  Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer. The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. The MMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body. This was known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago.

Yoga is 100% enmeshed with Hinduism.  Christian and Muslim religious leaders have claimed that the practice of Yoga violates the core tenets of Christianity and Islam owing to its unmistakably Hindu content.  

If so keep away -- FU#K OFF !.  

It is IMPOSSIBLE to divorce yoga as divorced from Hindu spirituality for extracting the benefits. Hinduism is all about spirituality .  Rest are all religions. Christianity and Islam organised violence first.  Indian societies knew no violence despite having more than 3000 languages and hundreds of gods. 

Never mind all these FAKE creations of the white invader like the FAKE Emperor Ashoka who converted from BAAAD BAAAAD Hinduism to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism . India was invaded by Muslims in 1192 AD and by Christians in 1498 AD --  and peaceful Hindus became slaves, till 1947.. 

Hinduism was developed along spiritual lines, NOT religious lines—the reason why 800 years of slavery could NOT stamp out this amazing way of life.. Hinduism was developed along spiritual lines, NOT religious lines—the reason why 800 years of slavery could NOT stamp out this amazing way of life.. 

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme the brahmAn. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action ( Dharma ). 

The Hindu spirituality tradition , unlike other religions -- has always concerned itself with the “human” situation rather than the “our religion “ situation.   Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual-and NOT what is being told as gospel in a holy book .   

Ask the Jews—they will say India is the only place where they never got persecuted over thousands of years—they always ran here for refuge.

The reason ?

This country had denizens steeped in spirituality — NOT religious bigots. Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed.

Yet today foreign funded Indian TV calls all Hindus bigots –what a joke !.



The Mahabharata (Shanti Parva 349.65), - Bhagavad Gita of Sri Krishna occurs, states: “Hiranyagarbha is the original knower of Yoga”

Brihadyogi Yajnavalkya Smriti XII.5 portrays Hiranyagarbha as the original teacher of Yoga.

Bhishma in the 6000 year old Mahabharata (Shanti Parva 300.57) speaks of a Yoga teaching “established in many Yoga Shastras.”

Hiranyagabha ( golden embryo )  Yoga tradition is a Vedic tradition.

Patanjali in the Yoga Sutras is only referred to as a compiler, not as an inventor of the Yoga teachings. He himself states, “Thus is the teaching of Yoga” (Yoga Sutras I.1)

Patanjali lived 5500 years ago and NOT 2200 years ago as written by the white invader.

Patanjali's Yoga Sutra, is composed of a total of 195 sutras or aphorisms ( wisdom packed words ) .

These sutras are structured around four padas or chapters:
Samadhi Pada,
Sadhana Pada,
Vibhuti Pada and
Kaivalya Pada.

The Yoga Sutras are not a philosophy but a step by step method to become aware of one own being.

Each Sutra is compact and needs a great deal explanation as it's nature and depth of psychological content.

Patanjalis Yoga is concerned with liberation through meditation.

The first chapter is "Samadhi Pada" a state of evenness where one is total and centered in one self without distractions. In this chapter the Yoga, the modifications of the mind, "Samadhi" and the concept of "Isvarah" God are explained.  

The second chapter "Sadhana Pada"  is the practice of a Yogi.

The chapter starts with a the base conditions to start Yoga " Tapah Svahdyaya Ishvarpranidhanani Kriyayogah" Austerity, selfstudy and surrender of the ego is Yoga of action.
Patanjalis definition of Yoga of action is Kriya Yoga.
Patanjali Yoga is even known as Raja Yoga, the Yoga of understanding and transcending the mind, consciousness is Raja or the king.
"Ashtanga Yoga" Eight limbs of yoga is the heart of Patanjalis Yoga system.
There are five major afflictions of the mind of which "Avidya" ignorance of ones own being is the root cause of all afflictions.  These are explained in the second chapter "Samadhi Pada".

Ashtanga Yoga
Yama (personal discipline)
Niyama (social discipline)
Asana (discipline of body posture)
Pranayama ( rhythmic breathing exercises)
Pratyahara (inward withdrawal of the senses)
Dharana (concentration)
Dhyana (meditation)
Samadhi (total awareness and evenness"Sama" of ones true self without conflicts)

The third chapter, "Vibhuti Pada" is concerned with Yogic Powers.


The fourth chapter " Kaivalya Pada" is the last in the Yoga Sutras . The difference between the mind, consciousness and witnessing and the soul are explained. 

Below:  You can appreciate the greatness , only if you realise that when Yoga was in full swing in India, the white man was running around naked, doing GRUNT GRUNT for language 


अथ योगानुशासनम् ॥१॥
atha yoga-anuśāsanam ||1||
Yoga in the here and now: an introduction to the study and practice of yoga ||1||
योगश्चित्तवृत्तिनिरोधः ॥२॥
yogaś-citta-vṛtti-nirodhaḥ ||2||
When you are in a state of yoga, all misconceptions (vrittis) that can exist in the mutable aspect of human beings (chitta) disappear. ||2||
तदा द्रष्टुः स्वरूपेऽवस्थानम् ॥३॥
tadā draṣṭuḥ svarūpe-'vasthānam ||3||
For finding our true self (drashtu) entails insight into our own nature. ||3||
वृत्ति सारूप्यमितरत्र ॥४॥
vṛtti sārūpyam-itaratra ||4||
Lacking that, misconceptions (vritti) skew our perceptions. ||4||
वृत्तयः पञ्चतय्यः क्लिष्टाक्लिष्टाः ॥५॥
vṛttayaḥ pañcatayyaḥ kliṣṭākliṣṭāḥ ||5||
There are five types of misconceptions (vrittis), some of which are more agreeable than others: ||5||
प्रमाण विपर्यय विकल्प निद्रा स्मृतयः ॥६॥
pramāṇa viparyaya vikalpa nidrā smṛtayaḥ ||6||
insight, error, imaginings, deep sleep, and recollections.
प्रत्यक्षानुमानागमाः प्रमाणानि ॥७॥
pratyakṣa-anumāna-āgamāḥ pramāṇāni ||7||
Insight arises from direct perception, conclusions, or learning that are based on reliable sources. ||7||
विपर्ययो मिथ्याज्ञानमतद्रूप प्रतिष्ठम् ॥८॥
viparyayo mithyā-jñānam-atadrūpa pratiṣṭham ||8||
Error arises from knowledge that is based on a false mental construct. ||8||
शब्दज्ञानानुपाती वस्तुशून्यो विकल्पः ॥९॥
śabda-jñāna-anupātī vastu-śūnyo vikalpaḥ ||9||
Imaginings are engendered by word knowledge without regard for what actually exists in the real world. ||9||
अभावप्रत्ययालम्बना तमोवृत्तिर्निद्र ॥१०॥
abhāva-pratyaya-ālambanā tamo-vṛttir-nidra ||10||
Deep sleep is the absence of all impressions resulting from opacity in that which is mutable in human beings (chitta). ||10||
अनुभूतविषयासंप्रमोषः स्मृतिः ॥११॥
anu-bhūta-viṣaya-asaṁpramoṣaḥ smṛtiḥ ||11||
Recollections are engendered by the past, insofar as the relevant experience has not been eclipsed. ||11||
अभ्यासवैराग्याभ्यां तन्निरोधः ॥१२॥
abhyāsa-vairāgya-ābhyāṁ tan-nirodhaḥ ||12||
The state of yoga is attained via a balance between assiduousness (abhyasa) and imperturbability (vairagya). ||12||
तत्र स्थितौ यत्नोऽभ्यासः ॥१३॥
tatra sthitau yatno-'bhyāsaḥ ||13||
Assiduousness means resolutely adhering to one’s practice of yoga. ||13||
स तु दीर्घकाल नैरन्तर्य सत्कारादरासेवितो दृढभूमिः ॥१४॥
sa tu dīrghakāla nairantarya satkāra-ādara-āsevito dṛḍhabhūmiḥ ||14||
Success can definitely be achieved via sound and continuous practice over an extended period of time, carried out in a serious and thoughtful manner. ||14||
दृष्टानुश्रविकविषयवितृष्णस्य वशीकारसंज्णा वैराग्यम् ॥१५॥
dṛṣṭa-anuśravika-viṣaya-vitṛṣṇasya vaśīkāra-saṁjṇā vairāgyam ||15||
Imperturbability results from a balance in the consciousness, and when the desire for all things that we see or have heard of is extinguished. ||15||
तत्परं पुरुषख्यातेः गुणवैतृष्ण्यम् ॥१६॥
tatparaṁ puruṣa-khyāteḥ guṇa-vaitṛṣṇyam ||16||
The highest state of imperturbability arises from the experience of the true self; in this state even the basic elements of nature lose their power over us. || 16||
वितर्कविचारानन्दास्मितारुपानुगमात्संप्रज्ञातः ॥१७॥
vitarka-vicāra-ānanda-asmitā-rupa-anugamāt-saṁprajñātaḥ ||17||
This absolute knowledge is engendered incrementally by divination, experience, joy, and ultimately the feeling of oneness. ||17||
विरामप्रत्ययाभ्यासपूर्वः संस्कारशेषोऽन्यः ॥१८॥
virāma-pratyaya-abhyāsa-pūrvaḥ saṁskāra-śeṣo-'nyaḥ ||18||
The other state of insight, which is based on persistent practice, arises when all perception has been extinguished and only non-manifest impressions remain. ||18||
भवप्रत्ययो विदेहप्रकृतिलयानम् ॥१९॥
bhava-pratyayo videha-prakṛti-layānam ||19||
Some people are born with true insight, whereas others attain it via a divine body or oneness with nature. ||19||
श्रद्धावीर्यस्मृति समाधिप्रज्ञापूर्वक इतरेषाम् ॥२०॥
śraddhā-vīrya-smṛti samādhi-prajñā-pūrvaka itareṣām ||20||
And then there are some for whom trust, determination, memory and divination lay the groundwork for insight. ||20||
तीव्रसंवेगानामासन्नः ॥२१॥
tīvra-saṁvegānām-āsannaḥ ||21||
The goal is achieved through intensive practice. ||21||
मृदुमध्याधिमात्रत्वात्ततोऽपि विशेषः ॥२२॥
mṛdu-madhya-adhimātratvāt-tato'pi viśeṣaḥ ||22||
This practice can be light, moderate or intensive. ||22||
ईश्वरप्रणिधानाद्वा ॥२३॥
īśvara-praṇidhānād-vā ||23||
The goal can also be attained via submission to the concept of an ideal being (ishvara). ||24||
क्लेश कर्म विपाकाशयैःपरामृष्टः पुरुषविशेष ईश्वरः ॥२४॥
kleśa karma vipāka-āśayaiḥ-aparāmṛṣṭaḥ puruṣa-viśeṣa īśvaraḥ ||24||
Ishavara is a special being that is unaffected by the obstacles of the spiritual aspirant (klesha), specific actions and consequences (karma), or recollections or desires. ||24||
तत्र निरतिशयं सर्वज्ञबीजम् ॥२५॥
tatra niratiśayaṁ sarvajña-bījam ||25||
Ishavara is unmatched and is the source of all knowledge. ||25||
स एष पूर्वेषामपिगुरुः कालेनानवच्छेदात् ॥२६॥
sa eṣa pūrveṣām-api-guruḥ kālena-anavacchedāt ||26||
Ishvara is each and every one, and is even the teacher of the first ones; he is unaffected by time ||26||
तस्य वाचकः प्रणवः ॥२७॥
tasya vācakaḥ praṇavaḥ ||27||
OM is a symbol for ishvara. ||27||
तज्जपः तदर्थभावनम् ॥२८॥
taj-japaḥ tad-artha-bhāvanam ||28||
Repetition of OM (with this meaning) leads to contemplation. ||28||
ततः प्रत्यक्चेतनाधिगमोऽप्यन्तरायाभवश्च ॥२९॥
tataḥ pratyak-cetana-adhigamo-'py-antarāya-abhavaś-ca ||29||
Through this practice, the immutable self is revealed and all obstacles (antaraya) are removed. ||29||
व्याधि स्त्यान संशय प्रमादालस्याविरति भ्रान्तिदर्शनालब्धभूमिकत्वानवस्थितत्वानि चित्तविक्षेपाः ते अन्तरायाः ॥३०॥
vyādhi styāna saṁśaya pramāda-ālasya-avirati bhrāntidarśana-alabdha-bhūmikatva-anavasthitatvāni citta-vikṣepāḥ te antarāyāḥ ||30||
These obstacles (antaraya) (illness; inertia; doubt; neglect; sloth; desire; blindness; a lack of goals; irresoluteness) obscure that which is immutable in human beings (chitta). ||30||
दुःखदौर्मनस्याङ्गमेजयत्वश्वासप्रश्वासाः विक्षेप सहभुवः ॥३१॥
duḥkha-daurmanasya-aṅgamejayatva-śvāsapraśvāsāḥ vikṣepa sahabhuvaḥ ||31||
Suffering, depression, nervousness, and agitated breathing are signs of this lack of clarity. ||31||
तत्प्रतिषेधार्थमेकतत्त्वाभ्यासः ॥३२॥
tat-pratiṣedha-artham-eka-tattva-abhyāsaḥ ||32||
He who practices assiduously overcomes these obstacles. ||32||
मैत्री करुणा मुदितोपेक्षाणांसुखदुःख पुण्यापुण्यविषयाणां भावनातः चित्तप्रसादनम् ॥३३॥
maitrī karuṇā mudito-pekṣāṇāṁ-sukha-duḥkha puṇya-apuṇya-viṣayāṇāṁ bhāvanātaḥ citta-prasādanam ||33||
All that is mutable in human beings (chitta) is harmonized through the cultivation of love (maitri), helpfulness (karuna), conviviality (mudita) and imperturbability (upeksha) in situations that are happy, painful, successful or unfortunate. ||33||
प्रच्छर्दनविधारणाभ्यां वा प्राणस्य ॥३४॥
pracchardana-vidhāraṇa-ābhyāṁ vā prāṇasya ||34||
The goal can be attained through breathing exercises involving holding your breath before exhaling. ||34||
विषयवती वा प्रवृत्तिरुत्पन्ना मनसः स्थिति निबन्धिनी ॥३५॥
viṣayavatī vā pravṛtti-rutpannā manasaḥ sthiti nibandhinī ||35||
- Or by contemplating things and impressions, which promotes mental stability and consolidation ||35||
विशोका वा ज्योतिष्मती ॥३६॥
viśokā vā jyotiṣmatī ||36||
- Or by contemplating the inner light that is free of suffering. ||36||
वीतराग विषयम् वा चित्तम् ॥३७॥
vītarāga viṣayam vā cittam ||37||
- Or if what is mutable in human beings (chitta) is no longer the handmaiden of desire. ||37||
स्वप्ननिद्रा ज्ञानालम्बनम् वा ॥३८॥
svapna-nidrā jñāna-ālambanam vā ||38||
- Or through knowledge that is derived from a nocturnal dream. ||38||
यथाभिमतध्यानाद्वा ॥३९॥
yathā-abhimata-dhyānād-vā ||39||
- Or through contemplation (dhyana) of love. ||39||
परमाणु परममहत्त्वान्तोऽस्य वशीकारः ॥४०॥
paramāṇu parama-mahattva-anto-'sya vaśīkāraḥ ||40||
A person who attains this goal has mastery over everything, from the smallest atom to the entire universe. ||40||
क्षीणवृत्तेरभिजातस्येव मणेर्ग्रहीतृग्रहणग्राह्येषु तत्स्थतदञ्जनता समापत्तिः ॥४१॥
kṣīṇa-vṛtter-abhijātasy-eva maṇer-grahītṛ-grahaṇa-grāhyeṣu tatstha-tadañjanatā samāpattiḥ ||41||
Once the misconceptions (vritti) have been minimized, everything that is mutable in human beings (chitta) becomes as clear as a diamond, and perceptions, the perceived, and perceiver are melded with each other. - One builds on and colors the other. This is enlightenment (samapatti). ||41||
तत्र शब्दार्थज्ञानविकल्पैः संकीर्णा सवितर्का समापत्तिः ॥४२॥
tatra śabdārtha-jñāna-vikalpaiḥ saṁkīrṇā savitarkā samāpattiḥ ||42||
In conjunction with word and object knowledge, or imagination, this state is savitarka samapatti. ||42||
स्मृतिपरिशुद्धौ स्वरूपशून्येवार्थमात्रनिर्भासा निर्वितर्का ॥४३॥
smṛti-pariśuddhau svarūpa-śūnyeva-arthamātra-nirbhāsā nirvitarkā ||43||
Once all previous impressions (smriti) have been purged and one’s own nature is clearly perceptible, then only the object of contemplation emanates light. This is nirvitarka samapatti. ||43||
एतयैव सविचारा निर्विचारा च सूक्ष्मविषय व्याख्याता ॥४४॥
etayaiva savicārā nirvicārā ca sūkṣma-viṣaya vyākhyātā ||44||
If the object of concentration is of a subtle nature, these two described states are known as savichraara and nirvichara samapatti. ||44||
सूक्ष्मविषयत्वम्चालिण्ग पर्यवसानम् ॥४५॥
sūkṣma-viṣayatvam-ca-aliṇga paryavasānam ||45||
An object can be subtle to the point of indefinability. ||46||
ता एव सबीजस्समाधिः ॥४६॥
tā eva sabījas-samādhiḥ ||46||
All of these states of consciousness are called sabija samadhi. ||46||
निर्विचारवैशारद्येऽध्यात्मप्रसादः ॥४७॥
nirvicāra-vaiśāradye-'dhyātma-prasādaḥ ||47||
If you regularly experience the clearest of the four aforementioned states known as nirvichara samapatti, then you are about to experience a state of absolute clarity. ||47||
ऋतंभरा तत्र प्रज्ञा ॥४८॥
ṛtaṁbharā tatra prajñā ||48||
- Then consciousness will be filled with truth. ||48||
श्रुतानुमानप्रज्ञाभ्यामन्यविषया विशेषार्थत्वात् ॥४९॥
śruta-anumāna-prajñā-abhyām-anya-viṣayā viśeṣa-arthatvāt ||49||
Consciousness is characterized by a special relationship to the object. This relationship exceeds the bounds of knowledge that is received and followed. ||49||
तज्जस्संस्कारोऽन्यसंस्कार प्रतिबन्धी ॥५०॥
tajjas-saṁskāro-'nya-saṁskāra pratibandhī ||50||
This experience gives rise to an impression (samskara) that supplants other impressions (samskara). ||50||
तस्यापि निरोधे सर्वनिरोधान्निर्बीजः समाधिः ॥५१॥
tasyāpi nirodhe sarva-nirodhān-nirbījaḥ samādhiḥ ||51||
Nirbiija samadhi is attained once even these impressions have become tranquil and when everything has become tranquil. ||51||


तपः स्वाध्यायेश्वरप्रणिधानानि क्रियायोगः ॥१॥
tapaḥ svādhyāy-eśvarapraṇidhānāni kriyā-yogaḥ ||1||
Practice characterized by rigor and vigilance toward itself, without attachment to the outcome, is known as kriya yoga. ||1||
समाधिभावनार्थः क्लेश तनूकरणार्थश्च ॥२॥
samādhi-bhāvana-arthaḥ kleśa tanū-karaṇa-arthaś-ca ||2||
If your practice is aligned with your goal (samadhi), the obstacles along your spiritual path (klesha) will disappear and ultimately you will reach your goal. ||2||
अविद्यास्मितारागद्वेषाभिनिवेशः क्लेशाः ॥३॥
avidyā-asmitā-rāga-dveṣa-abhiniveśaḥ kleśāḥ ||3||
The obstacles along the spiritual path (klesha) are as follows: a lack of insight (avidya); identification with the mutable (asmita); the belief that happiness (raga) or unhappiness (dvesha) result from outer circumstances; deep seated anxiety (abinivesha). ||3||
अविद्या क्षेत्रमुत्तरेषाम् प्रसुप्ततनुविच्छिन्नोदाराणाम् ॥४॥
avidyā kṣetram-uttareṣām prasupta-tanu-vicchinn-odārāṇām ||4||
A lack of insight (avidya) is the source of most kleshas (obstacles) and can be latent, incipient, full fledged or overwhelming. ||4||
अनित्याशुचिदुःखानात्मसु नित्यशुचिसुखात्मख्यातिरविद्या ॥५॥
anityā-aśuci-duḥkha-anātmasu nitya-śuci-sukha-ātmakhyātir-avidyā ||5||
A combination of the eternal and transitory, purity and impurity, joy and suffering, or the mutable and immutable in human beings are all referred to as a lack of insight (avidya). ||5||
दृग्दर्शनशक्त्योरेकात्मतैवास्मिता ॥६॥
dṛg-darśana-śaktyor-ekātmata-iva-asmitā ||6||
Confusing the immutable core with the transient shell is referred to as identification with the mutable (asmita). ||6||
सुखानुशयी रागः ॥७॥
sukha-anuśayī rāgaḥ ||7||
The presumption that happiness depends on external circumstances is referred to as desire (raga). ||7||
दुःखानुशयी द्वेषः ॥८॥
duḥkha-anuśayī dveṣaḥ ||8||
The notion that pain and suffering are caused by external circumstances is referred to as aversion (dvesha). ||8||
स्वरस्वाहि विदुषोऽपि समारूढोऽभिनिवेशः ॥९॥
svarasvāhi viduṣo-'pi samārūḍho-'bhiniveśaḥ ||9||
Anxiety (abhinivesha) arises spontaneously and can even dominate your entire existence. ||9||
ते प्रतिप्रसवहेयाः सूक्ष्माः ॥१०॥
te pratiprasava-heyāḥ sūkṣmāḥ ||10||
This burden (klesha) should be nipped in the bud. || 10||
ध्यान हेयाः तद्वृत्तयः ॥११॥
dhyāna heyāḥ tad-vṛttayaḥ ||11||
Medidating (dhyana) on that which we wish to overcome eliminates such misconceptions that arise from human mutability (vritti). ||11|
क्लेशमूलः कर्माशयो दृष्टादृष्टजन्मवेदनीयः ॥१२॥
kleśa-mūlaḥ karma-aśayo dṛṣṭa-adṛṣṭa-janma-vedanīyaḥ ||12||
Obstacles (kleshas) are the breeding ground for tendencies that give rise to actions and the consequences (karma) thereof. Such obstacles are experienced as visible or invisible obstacles. ||12||
सति मूले तद्विपाको जात्यायुर्भोगाः ॥१३॥
sati mūle tad-vipāko jāty-āyur-bhogāḥ ||13||
The outcome of these circumstances is manifested by a person’s station in life, longevity, and the extent to which they achieve happiness. ||13||
ते ह्लाद परितापफलाः पुण्यापुण्यहेतुत्वात् ॥१४॥
te hlāda paritāpa-phalāḥ puṇya-apuṇya-hetutvāt ||14||
The outcome of an action is felicitous or infelicitous depending on whether the foundation is successful or unsuccessful. ||14||
परिणाम ताप संस्कार दुःखैः गुणवृत्तिविरोधाच्च दुःखमेव सर्वं विवेकिनः ॥१५॥
pariṇāma tāpa saṁskāra duḥkhaiḥ guṇa-vṛtti-virodhācca duḥkham-eva sarvaṁ vivekinaḥ ||15||
Suffering is caused by change in the outside world, as well as impressions, desires (samsakra), misconceptions (vritti) and conflict. Suffering is omnipresent for those who have the capacity to differentiate. ||15||
हेयं दुःखमनागतम् ॥१६॥
heyaṁ duḥkham-anāgatam ||16||
But future suffering can be avoided. ||16||
द्रष्टृदृश्ययोः संयोगो हेयहेतुः ॥१७॥
draṣṭṛ-dṛśyayoḥ saṁyogo heyahetuḥ ||17||
For identificaiton of the true self (drashtu) with that which is mutable is the cause of suffering. ||17||
प्रकाशक्रियास्थितिशीलं भूतेन्द्रियात्मकं भोगापवर्गार्थं दृश्यम् ॥१८॥
prakāśa-kriyā-sthiti-śīlaṁ bhūtendriya-ātmakaṁ bhoga-apavarga-arthaṁ dṛśyam ||18||
Objects and situations in the physical world can be characterized by purity (sattva), unrest (rajas), or inertia (tamas); they are physical or etheric and result in short term pleasure or long term redemption ||18||
विशेषाविशेषलिङ्गमात्रालिङ्गानि गुणपर्वाणि ॥१९॥
viśeṣa-aviśeṣa-liṅga-mātra-aliṅgāni guṇaparvāṇi ||19||
Physical objects exhibit the following states: determinable; unspecific; symbolic; beyond symbols ||19||
द्रष्टा दृशिमात्रः शुद्धोऽपि प्रत्ययानुपश्यः ॥२०॥
draṣṭā dṛśimātraḥ śuddho-'pi pratyaya-anupaśyaḥ ||20||
Only the true self (drashtu) sees; it is immutable, although seeing is based on accurate perception. ||20||
तदर्थ एव दृश्यस्यात्मा ॥२१॥
tadartha eva dṛśyasya-ātmā ||21||
Physical objects can only be deemed to such if perceived by the true self (atma) ||21||
कृतार्थं प्रतिनष्टंप्यनष्टं तदन्य साधारणत्वात् ॥२२॥
kṛtārthaṁ pratinaṣṭaṁ-apy-anaṣṭaṁ tadanya sādhāraṇatvāt ||22||
Once an object has fulfilled its purpose, it does not disappear but instead remains in existence as such for others; for the object is valid for all. ||22||
स्वस्वामिशक्त्योः स्वरूपोप्लब्धिहेतुः संयोगः ॥२३॥
svasvāmi-śaktyoḥ svarūp-oplabdhi-hetuḥ saṁyogaḥ ||23||
The sole purpose of linking the mutable with the extant is to recognize the true enduring form. ||23||
तस्य हेतुरविद्या ॥२४॥
tasya hetur-avidyā ||24||
The root cause of identification with the mutable is a lack of insight (avidya). ||24||
तदभाबात्संयोगाभावो हानं तद्दृशेः कैवल्यम् ॥२५॥
tad-abhābāt-saṁyoga-abhāvo hānaṁ taddṛśeḥ kaivalyam ||25||
When a lack of insight (avidya) disappears, this identification likewise disappears. Once this identification has completely disappeared, liberation (kaivalya) of the true self (drashtu) has occurred. ||25||
विवेकख्यातिरविप्लवा हानोपायः ॥२६॥
viveka-khyātir-aviplavā hānopāyaḥ ||26||
The capacity to make distinctions (viveka) and uninterrupted insight are the path to this goal. ||26||
तस्य सप्तधा प्रान्तभूमिः प्रज्ञ ॥२७॥
tasya saptadhā prānta-bhūmiḥ prajña ||27||
This path to insight has seven steps. ||27||
योगाङ्गानुष्ठानादशुद्धिक्षये ज्ञानदीप्तिराविवेकख्यातेः ॥२८॥
yoga-aṅga-anuṣṭhānād-aśuddhi-kṣaye jñāna-dīptir-āviveka-khyāteḥ ||28||
Through practice of these limbs of yoga, impurity is overcome and wisdom and an enduring capacity to make disinctions are achieved. ||28||
यम नियमासन प्राणायाम प्रत्याहार धारणा ध्यान समाधयोऽष्टावङ्गानि ॥२९॥
yama niyama-āsana prāṇāyāma pratyāhāra dhāraṇā dhyāna samādhayo-'ṣṭāvaṅgāni ||29||
The limbs of the eight-fold path are as follows: respect for others (yama) and yourself (niyama); harmony with your body (asana), your energy (pranayama), your thoughts (dharana), and your emotions (pratyahara); contemplation (dhyana); ecstasy (samadhi). ||29||
अहिंसासत्यास्तेय ब्रह्मचर्यापरिग्रहाः यमाः ॥३०॥
ahiṁsā-satya-asteya brahmacarya-aparigrahāḥ yamāḥ ||30||
Respect for others (yama) is based on non-violence (ahimsa); truthfulness (satya); not stealing (asteya); non-covetousness (aparigraha); and acting with an awareness of higher ideals (brahma-charya). ||30||
जातिदेशकालसमयानवच्छिन्नाः सार्वभौमामहाव्रतम् ॥३१॥
jāti-deśa-kāla-samaya-anavacchinnāḥ sārvabhaumā-mahāvratam ||31||
Showing respect for others without regard for social station, or for place, time, or circumstance in all spheres of this respect is a great virtue. ||31||
शौच संतोष तपः स्वाध्यायेश्वरप्रणिधानानि नियमाः ॥३२॥
śauca saṁtoṣa tapaḥ svādhyāy-eśvarapraṇidhānāni niyamāḥ ||32||
Cleanliness (shaucha), contentment (santosha), self-discipline (tapas), learning from yourself (svadhyaya) and accepting your fate (iishvara-pranidhana) automatically translate into the practice of respect (niyama). ||32||
वितर्कबाधने प्रतिप्रक्षभावनम् ॥३३॥
vitarka-bādhane pratiprakṣa-bhāvanam ||33||
Uncertainty concerning implementation can be overcome via orientation with the reverse. ||33||
वितर्का हिंसादयः कृतकारितानुमोदिता लोभक्रोधमोहापूर्वका मृदुमध्य अधिमात्रा दुःखाज्ञानानन्तफला इति प्रतिप्रक्षभावनम् ॥३४॥
vitarkā hiṁsādayaḥ kṛta-kārita-anumoditā lobha-krodha-moha-āpūrvakā mṛdu-madhya adhimātrā duḥkha-ajñāna-ananta-phalā iti pratiprakṣa-bhāvanam ||34||
Violent thoughts (himsa) induce unending suffering and ignorance. In such cases, it makes no difference whether you’re the perpetrator, the person who gives the orders, or the instigator; or whether the thoughts are provoked by greed, anger, or delusion; or whether small, medium or large scale action is involved. This is why orienting yourself toward the reverse is helpful. ||34||
अहिंसाप्रतिष्ठायं तत्सन्निधौ वैरत्याघः ॥३५॥
ahiṁsā-pratiṣṭhāyaṁ tat-sannidhau vairatyāghaḥ ||35||
Once a condition of durable non-violence (ahimsa) has been established, all enmity will be abandoned in your environs. ||35||
सत्यप्रतिष्थायं क्रियाफलाश्रयत्वम् ॥३६॥
satya-pratiṣthāyaṁ kriyā-phala-āśrayatvam ||36||
Once a state of truth (satya) has been permanently established, each statement will form the basis for a truthful result. ||36||
अस्तेयप्रतिष्ठायां सर्वरत्नोपस्थानम् ॥३७॥
asteya-pratiṣṭhāyāṁ sarvaratn-opasthānam ||37||
Once non-stealing has been permanently established, all riches will be available. ||37||
ब्रह्मचर्य प्रतिष्ठायां वीर्यलाभः ॥३८॥
brahma-carya pratiṣṭhāyāṁ vīrya-lābhaḥ ||38||
Performing each action with an awareness of a higher ideal (brahma-charya) engenders tremendous strength. ||38||
अपरिग्रहस्थैर्ये जन्मकथंता संबोधः ॥३९॥
aparigraha-sthairye janma-kathaṁtā saṁbodhaḥ ||39||
The permanent reign of non-covetousness (aparigraha) engenders knowledge concerning the goal of earthly life. ||39||
शौचात् स्वाङ्गजुगुप्सा परैरसंसर्गः ॥४०॥
śaucāt svāṅga-jugupsā parairasaṁsargaḥ ||40||
Purity (shaucha) results in the abandonment of physicality and the cessation of physical contact with external things. ||40||
सत्त्वशुद्धिः सौमनस्यैकाग्र्येन्द्रियजयात्मदर्शन योग्यत्वानि च ॥४१॥
sattva-śuddhiḥ saumanasya-ikāgry-endriyajaya-ātmadarśana yogyatvāni ca ||41||
Also the capacity for clarity, cleanliness, cheerfulness and intentness, as well as mastery over the senses, ultimately give rise to self realization. ||41||
संतोषातनुत्तमस्सुखलाभः ॥४२॥
saṁtoṣāt-anuttamas-sukhalābhaḥ ||42||
An attitude of contentment (santosha) gives rise to unexcelled happiness, mental comfort, joy, and satisfaction. ||42||
कायेन्द्रियसिद्धिरशुद्धिक्षयात् तपसः ॥४३॥
kāyendriya-siddhir-aśuddhi-kṣayāt tapasaḥ ||43||
Through self discipline (tapas), mental impurities are destroyed and the body and senses take on supernatural powers. ||43||
स्वाध्यायादिष्टदेवता संप्रयोगः ॥४४॥
svādhyāyād-iṣṭa-devatā saṁprayogaḥ ||44||
Self-study and reflection on yourself (svadhyaya) brings you into contact with the desired ideal. ||44||
समाधि सिद्धिःीश्वरप्रणिधानात् ॥४५॥
samādhi siddhiḥ-īśvarapraṇidhānāt ||45||
By accepting your fate (ishvarapranidhana), you achieve self knowledge (samadhi) and supernatural power (siddhi). ||45||
स्थिरसुखमासनम् ॥४६॥
sthira-sukham-āsanam ||46||
Practicing yoga with strength and in a relaxed manner gives rise to harmony with the physical body (asana). ||46||
प्रयत्नशैथिल्यानन्तसमापत्तिभ्याम् ॥४७॥
prayatna-śaithilya-ananta-samāpatti-bhyām ||47||
The key to success in this regard is practice with effort, which becomes progressively easier, combined with deep contemplation (samapatti). ||47||
ततो द्वङ्द्वानभिघातः ॥४८॥
tato dvaṅdva-an-abhighātaḥ ||48||
This results in a victory over the duality of life. ||48||
तस्मिन् सति श्वासप्रश्वास्योर्गतिविच्छेदः प्राणायामः ॥४९॥
tasmin sati śvāsa-praśvāsyor-gati-vicchedaḥ prāṇāyāmaḥ ||49||
Once harmony with the physical body has been achieved, through interruption of the movement engendered by inhaling and exhaling you attempt to harmonize your energy (pranayama). ||49||
बाह्याभ्यन्तरस्थम्भ वृत्तिः देशकालसन्ख्याभिः परिदृष्टो दीर्घसूक्ष्मः ॥५०॥
bāhya-ābhyantara-sthambha vṛttiḥ deśa-kāla-sankhyābhiḥ paridṛṣṭo dīrgha-sūkṣmaḥ ||50||
Exhalation, inhalation, retention, technique, time and number must be very precisely regulated over a lengthy period. ||50||
बाह्याभ्यन्तर विषयाक्षेपी चतुर्थः ॥५१॥
bāhya-ābhyantara viṣaya-akṣepī caturthaḥ ||51||
The fourth pranayama technique ultimately transcends breath retention after exhaling or inhaling. ||51||
ततः क्षीयते प्रकाशावरणम् ॥५२॥
tataḥ kṣīyate prakāśa-āvaraṇam ||52||
The veil covering the light of the true self then vanishes.
धारणासु च योग्यता मनसः ॥५३॥
dhāraṇāsu ca yogyatā manasaḥ ||53||
And the mind develops the capacity for harmony with thoughts (dharana). ||53||
स्वविषयासंप्रयोगे चित्तस्य स्वरूपानुकारैवेन्द्रियाणां प्रत्याहारः ॥५४॥
svaviṣaya-asaṁprayoge cittasya svarūpānukāra-iv-endriyāṇāṁ pratyāhāraḥ ||54||
Harmony with the emotions (pratyahara) is achieved when the senses cease to be engaged with external objects and thus that which is mutable in human beings (chitta) becomes similar to true nature. ||54||
ततः परमावश्यता इन्द्रियाणाम् ॥५५॥
tataḥ paramā-vaśyatā indriyāṇām ||55||
Thus do you gain supreme mastery of your senses. ||55||


देशबन्धः चित्तस्य धारणा ॥१॥
deśa-bandhaḥ cittasya dhāraṇā ||1||
Harmony with your thoughts and the ability to concentrate are attained by aligning the mutable aspects of humankind with a specific subject. ||1||
तत्र प्रत्ययैकतानता ध्यानम् ॥२॥
tatra pratyaya-ikatānatā dhyānam ||2||
Allowing your thoughts to flow in an uninterrupted stream results in contemplation (dhyana). ||2||
तदेवार्थमात्रनिर्भासं स्वरूपशून्यमिवसमाधिः ॥३॥
tadeva-artha-mātra-nirbhāsaṁ svarūpa-śūnyam-iva-samādhiḥ ||3||
Insight (samadhi) occurs when only the subject matter of the orientation shines forth without any being affected by the person in question. ||3||
त्रयमेकत्र संयमः ॥४॥
trayam-ekatra saṁyamaḥ ||4||
The three processes of dharana, dhyana, and samadhi, when taken together, are the components of meditation (samyama). ||4||
तज्जयात् प्रज्ञालोकः ॥५॥
tajjayāt prajñālokaḥ ||5||
Mastery of this meditation gives rise to absolute knowledge of all that can be perceived. ||5||
तस्य भूमिषु विनियोगः ॥६॥
tasya bhūmiṣu viniyogaḥ ||6||
This meditation is carried out in the three aforementioned successive steps. ||6||
त्रयमन्तरन्गं पूर्वेभ्यः ॥७॥
trayam-antarangaṁ pūrvebhyaḥ ||7||
These three steps are more internal (anga) than the previous steps. ||7||
तदपि बहिरङ्गं निर्बीजस्य ॥८॥
tadapi bahiraṅgaṁ nirbījasya ||8||
However, these three steps are still external compared to ultimate knowledge (nirbija samadhi). ||8||
व्युत्थाननिरोधसंस्कारयोः अभिभवप्रादुर्भावौ निरोधक्षण चित्तान्वयो निरोधपरिणामः ॥९॥
vyutthāna-nirodha-saṁskārayoḥ abhibhava-prādurbhāvau nirodhakṣaṇa cittānvayo nirodha-pariṇāmaḥ ||9||
That high level of mastery called nirodhah-parinamah occurs in the moment of transition when the rising tendency of deep impressions, the subsiding tendency, and the mutable nature of humankind (chitta) converge. ||9||
तस्य प्रशान्तवाहिता संस्कारत् ॥१०॥
tasya praśānta-vāhitā saṁskārat ||10||
The tranquil flow of transition to tranquility gives rise to a new impression (samskara). ||10||
सर्वार्थता एकाग्रातयोः क्षयोदयौ चित्तस्य समाधिपरिणामः ॥११॥
sarvārthatā ekāgrātayoḥ kṣayodayau cittasya samādhi-pariṇāmaḥ ||11||
The transition to insight (samadhi-parinama) is characterized by the mutability in human beings (chitta) becoming progressively less scattered, whereas the tendency toward consolidation increases. ||11||
ततः पुनः शातोदितौ तुल्यप्रत्ययौ चित्तस्यैकाग्रतापरिणामः ॥१२॥
tataḥ punaḥ śātoditau tulya-pratyayau cittasya-ikāgratā-pariṇāmaḥ ||12||
The transition to one-pointedness, or ekagrata-parinamah, is the transition whereby human mutability (chitta) becomes perfectly balanced between arising and subsiding. ||12||
एतेन भूतेन्द्रियेषु धर्मलक्षणावस्था परिणामा व्याख्याताः ॥१३॥
etena bhūtendriyeṣu dharma-lakṣaṇa-avasthā pariṇāmā vyākhyātāḥ ||13||
This explains the transformation of relinquishment (dharma-parinama), characteristics (lakshana-parinama) and states into material elements of the senses. ||13||
शानोदिताव्यपदेश्यधर्मानुपाती धर्मी ॥१४॥
śān-odita-avyapadeśya-dharmānupātī dharmī ||14||
Past, present and future tasks are all based on one and the same foundation. ||14||
क्रमान्यत्वं परिणामान्यतेवे हेतुः ॥१५॥
kramānyatvaṁ pariṇāmānyateve hetuḥ ||15||
Distinctness in transformation (anyatvam-parinama) are based on differences in the sequence ||15||
परिणामत्रयसंयमाततीतानागत ज्ञानम् ॥१६॥
pariṇāmatraya-saṁyamāt-atītānāgata jñānam ||16||
Meditation (samyama) on the three types of change (parinama-traya) gives rise to knowledge of the past and future. ||16||
शब्दार्थप्रत्ययामामितरेतराध्यासात्संकरः तत्प्रविभागसंयमात् सर्वभूतरुतज्ञानम् ॥१७॥
śabdārtha-pratyayāmām-itaretarādhyāsāt-saṁkaraḥ tat-pravibhāga-saṁyamāt sarvabhūta-ruta-jñānam ||17||
The name, task and experience associated with an object are interconnected. By meditating (samyama) on the distinction between these three, we attain knowledge (jnana) concerning the form of expression of all living beings. ||17||
संस्कारसाक्षात्करणात् पूर्वजातिज्ञानम् ॥१८॥
saṁskāra-sākṣātkaraṇāt pūrva-jāti-jñānam ||18||
Through meditation on our impressions (samskaras) comes the knowledge (jnana) of previous incarnations. ||18||
प्रत्ययस्य परचित्तज्ञानम् ॥१९॥
pratyayasya para-citta-jñānam ||19||
Meditation on the thoughts of another person gives rise to knowledge (jnana) of their mutable being (chitta). ||19||
न च तत् सालम्बनं तस्याविषयी भूतत्वात् ॥२०॥
na ca tat sālambanaṁ tasya-aviṣayī bhūtatvāt ||20||
But we learn nothing from the true nature of another person, for they are not an object that can be perceived. ||20||
कायरूपसंयमात् तत्ग्राह्यशक्तिस्तम्भे चक्षुः प्रकाशासंप्रयोगेऽन्तर्धानम् ॥२१॥
kāya-rūpa-saṁyamāt tat-grāhyaśakti-stambhe cakṣuḥ prakāśāsaṁprayoge-'ntardhānam ||21||
Through meditation on the form of one's own physical body, it becomes possible to impede the capacity that renders the body visible. This precludes a connection between light and the eyes and renders the body invisible to others. ||21||
सोपक्रमं निरुपक्रमं च कर्म तत्संयमातपरान्तज्ञानम् अरिष्टेभ्यो वा ॥२२॥
sopa-kramaṁ nirupa-kramaṁ ca karma tatsaṁyamāt-aparāntajñānam ariṣṭebhyo vā ||22||
Meditation (samyama) on foreseeable and unforeseeable causes and causal relationships (karma) gives rise to knowledge (jnana) concerning fate. ||22||
मैत्र्यदिषु बलानि ॥२३॥
maitry-adiṣu balāni ||23||
Meditating on love (maitri) and the other positive attitudes (see ys 1.33) engenders the necessary strength. ||23||
बलेषु हस्तिबलादीनी ॥२४॥
baleṣu hastibalādīnī ||24||
Meditating on strength itself engenders the strength of an elephant. ||24||
प्रवृत्त्यालोकन्यासात् सूक्ष्माव्यावहितविप्रकृष्टज्ञानम् ॥२५॥
pravṛtty-āloka-nyāsāt sūkṣmā-vyāvahita-viprakṛṣṭa-jñānam ||25||
Meditating on the source of the inner light gives rise to knowledge (jnana) of subtle, concealed and remote entities. ||25||
भुवज्ञानं सूर्येसंयमात् ॥२६॥
bhuva-jñānaṁ sūrye-saṁyamāt ||26||
Meditation (samyama) on the sun gives rise to knowledge (jnana) of the ethereal and physical worlds. ||26||
चन्द्रे तारव्यूहज्ञानम् ॥२७॥
candre tāravyūha-jñānam ||27||
Meditating on the moon (chandra) gives rise to knowledge (jnana) concerning the arrangement of the stars. ||27||
ध्रुवे तद्गतिज्ञानम् ॥२८॥
dhruve tadgati-jñānam ||28||
Meditating on the polestar engenders knowledge (jnana) of its constellation. ||28||
नाभिचक्रे कायव्यूहज्ञानम् ॥२९॥
nābhicakre kāyavyūha-jñānam ||29||
Meditation on the energy center of the navel (nabhi chakra) gives rise to knowledge (jnana) concerning the arrangement and structure of the physical body. ||29||
कन्ठकूपे क्षुत्पिपासा निवृत्तिः ॥३०॥
kanṭha-kūpe kṣutpipāsā nivṛttiḥ ||30||
Meditation on the pit of the throat (kantha kupa) causes hunger and thirst to cease. ||30||
कूर्मनाड्यां स्थैर्यम् ॥३१॥
kūrma-nāḍyāṁ sthairyam ||31||
Meditation on the energy in the spine (kurma nadi) engenders steadiness. ||31||
मूर्धज्योतिषि सिद्धदर्शनम् ॥३२॥
mūrdha-jyotiṣi siddha-darśanam ||32||
Meditation on the light inside the head engenders contact with the masters (siddhas). ||32||
प्रातिभाद्वा सर्वम् ॥३३॥
prātibhād-vā sarvam ||33||
Meditiation on intuition engenders knowledge about everything. ||33||
ह्र्डये चित्तसंवित् ॥३४॥
hrḍaye citta-saṁvit ||34||
Meditation on the heart (hridaya) engenders knowledge concerning human mutability (chitta). ||34||
सत्त्वपुरुषायोः अत्यन्तासंकीर्णयोः प्रत्ययाविशेषोभोगः परार्थत्वात्स्वार्थसंयमात् पुरुषज्ञानम् ॥३५॥
sattva-puruṣāyoḥ atyantā-saṁkīrṇayoḥ pratyayāviśeṣo-bhogaḥ para-arthat-vāt-sva-arthasaṁyamāt puruṣa-jñānam ||35||
Outer enjoyment (bhoga) arises from a failure to distinguish between the physical world and the true self, which are very different from each other.
Knowledge (jhana) of the true self (purusha) arises from meditation (samyama) on matters concerning the true self rather than external matters. ||35||
ततः प्रातिभस्रावाणवेदनादर्शास्वादवार्ता जायन्ते ॥३६॥
tataḥ prātibha-srāvāṇa-vedana-ādarśa-āsvāda-vārtā jāyante ||36||
This results in intuitive hearing, feeling, seeing, tasting and smelling. ||36||
ते समाधवुपसर्गाव्युत्थाने सिद्धयः ॥३७॥
te samādhav-upasargā-vyutthāne siddhayaḥ ||37||
These powers are of secondary importance to those who have attained knowledge (samadhi), but are nonetheless feats for materially oriented individuals. ||37||
बद्न्हकारणशैथिल्यात् प्रचारसंवेदनाच्च चित्तस्य परशरीरावेशः ॥३८॥
badnha-kāraṇa-śaithilyāt pracāra-saṁvedanācca cittasya paraśarīrāveśaḥ ||38||
Relinquishing the causes of attachment to the physical realm and gaining knowledge of the energy channels engenders the ability to enter into another body. ||38||
उदानजयाअत् जलपण्खकण्टकादिष्वसङ्गोऽत्क्रान्तिश्च ॥३९॥
udāna-jayāat jala-paṇkha-kaṇṭakādiṣv-asaṅgo-'tkrāntiśca ||39||
Gaining mastery over upward flowing energy (udana-vayu) severs contact with mud, water, thorns and the like; whereupon the yogi levitates. ||39||
समानजयाज्ज्वलनम् ॥४०॥
samāna-jayāj-jvalanam ||40||
Mastery over metabolic energy (samana-vayu) engenders inner fire. ||40||
श्रोत्राकाशयोः संबन्धसंयमात् दिव्यं श्रोत्रम् ॥४१॥
śrotra-ākāśayoḥ saṁbandha-saṁyamāt divyaṁ śrotram ||41||
Meditation (samyama) on the relationship between space and the power of hearing engenders the divine power of hearing. ||41||
कायाकाशयोः संबन्धसंयमात् लघुतूलसमापत्तेश्चाकाश गमनम् ॥४२॥
kāyākāśayoḥ saṁbandha-saṁyamāt laghu-tūla-samāpatteśca-ākāśa gamanam ||42||
Meditating (samyama) on the relationship between the body and space and contemplating (samapatti) the lightness of cotton engender the ability to move through space weightlessly. ||42||
बहिरकल्पिता वृत्तिः महाविदेहा ततः प्रकाशावरणक्षयः ॥४३॥
bahir-akalpitā vṛttiḥ mahā-videhā tataḥ prakāśa-āvaraṇa-kṣayaḥ ||43||
Meditating on unimaginable external thought waves gives rise to maximum disembodiment. This in turn lifts the veil on the true self. ||43||
स्थूलस्वरूपसूक्ष्मान्वयार्थवत्त्वसंयमात् भूतजयः ॥४४॥
sthūla-svarūpa-sūkṣma-anvaya-arthavattva-saṁyamāt bhūtajayaḥ ||44||
Meditating on the outer manifestations, true nature, underlying principle, temporal sequence, and purpose of something engenders mastery (jaya) of the physical elements (bhutas). ||44||
ततोऽणिमादिप्रादुर्भावः कायसंपत् तद्धरानभिघात्श्च ॥४५॥
tato-'ṇimādi-prādurbhāvaḥ kāyasaṁpat tad-dharānabhighātśca ||45||
This mastery engenders the ability to make the body appear to be extremely small, as well as attainment of an absolutely physical body and its indestructible integrity. ||45||
रूपलावण्यबलवज्रसंहननत्वानि कायसंपत् ॥४६॥
rūpa-lāvaṇya-bala-vajra-saṁhananatvāni kāyasaṁpat ||46||
The perfection of the body includes beauty, gracefulness, strength, and adamantine hardness. ||46||
ग्रहणस्वरूपास्मितावयार्थवत्त्वसंयमातिन्द्रिय जयः ॥४७॥
grahaṇa-svarūpa-asmitā-avaya-arthavattva-saṁyamāt-indriya jayaḥ ||47||
Meditation (samyama) on the process of perception, its actual form, your I-ness, and the purpose of your life engenders mastery (jaya) over the senses. ||47||
ततो मनोजवित्वं विकरणभावः प्रधानजयश्च ॥४८॥
tato mano-javitvaṁ vikaraṇa-bhāvaḥ pradhāna-jayaś-ca ||48||
This results in quickness of mind, liberation from the sense organs, and mastery (jaya) over matter. ||48||
सत्त्वपुरुषान्यताख्यातिमात्रस्य सर्वभावाधिष्ठातृत्वं सर्वज्ञातृत्वं च ॥४९॥
sattva-puruṣa-anyatā-khyātimātrasya sarva-bhāvā-adhiṣṭhātṛtvaṁ sarva-jñātṛtvaṁ ca ||49||
Mastery of feelings and omniscience can only be attained through knowledge of the difference between the physical world and the true self. ||49||
तद्वैराग्यादपि दोषबीजक्षये कैवल्यम् ॥५०॥
tad-vairāgyād-api doṣa-bīja-kṣaye kaivalyam ||50||
Non-attachment (vairagya) even from that omiscience destroys the foundation of all dysbalances (dosha) and results in liberation (kaivalya). ||50||
स्थान्युपनिमन्त्रणे सङ्गस्मयाकरणं पुनरनिष्टप्रसङ्गात् ॥५१॥
sthāny-upa-nimantraṇe saṅga-smaya-akaraṇaṁ punar-aniṣṭa-prasaṅgāt ||51||
When the celestial beings beckon, the yogi should avoid forming any attachment to this complacency, since this contact can reinstate undesirable attachment. ||51||
क्षणतत्क्रमयोः संयमात् विवेकजंज्ञानम् ॥५२॥
kṣaṇa-tat-kramayoḥ saṁyamāt vivekajaṁ-jñānam ||52||
Meditation (samyama) on the moments and their succession give rise to knowledge (jnana) that is born from discernment (viveka). ||52||
जातिलक्षणदेशैः अन्यतानवच्छेदात् तुल्ययोः ततः प्रतिपत्तिः ॥५३॥
jāti-lakṣaṇa-deśaiḥ anyatā-anavacchedāt tulyayoḥ tataḥ pratipattiḥ ||53||
This gives rise to knowledge of distinction between two similar objects that are not normally distinguishable on the basis of their category, characteristics, or position in space. ||53||
तारकं सर्वविषयं सर्वथाविषयमक्रमंचेति विवेकजं ज्ञानम् ॥५४॥
tārakaṁ sarva-viṣayaṁ sarvathā-viṣayam-akramaṁ-ceti vivekajaṁ jñānam ||54||
Knowledge that is born of discernment transcends all objects, all beings and all time. ||54||
सत्त्वपुरुषयोः शुद्धिसाम्ये कैवल्यम् ॥५५॥
sattva-puruṣayoḥ śuddhisāmye kaivalyam ||55||
Liberation (kaivalya) comes when parity between the physical world and the true self (purusha) is attained. ||55||



जन्मओषधिमन्त्रतपस्समाधिजाः सिद्धयः ॥१॥
janma-oṣadhi-mantra-tapas-samādhi-jāḥ siddhayaḥ ||1||
Supernatural powers (siddhis) arise from birth, drugs, mantras, austerity, or yoga (samadhi) ||1||
जात्यन्तरपरिणामः प्रकृत्यापूरात् ॥२॥
jāty-antara-pariṇāmaḥ prakṛty-āpūrāt ||2||
Physical transformation engenders inner transformation of the form of existence. ||2||
निमित्तमप्रयोजकं प्रकृतीनांवरणभेदस्तु ततः क्षेत्रिकवत् ॥३॥
nimittam-aprayojakaṁ prakṛtīnāṁ-varaṇa-bhedastu tataḥ kṣetrikavat ||3||
However, outer causes are not sufficient to bring about inner change, which can be likened to a farmer removing a sluice gate so as to allow water to irrigate his rice field so that rice can grow there. ||3||
निर्माणचित्तान्यस्मितामात्रात् ॥४॥
nirmāṇa-cittāny-asmitā-mātrāt ||4||
The mutable self (chitta) is engendered solely by identification with that which is mutable. ||4||
प्रवृत्तिभेदे प्रयोजकं चित्तमेकमनेकेषाम् ॥५॥
pravṛtti-bhede prayojakaṁ cittam-ekam-anekeṣām ||5||
While the forms may manifest in various ways, the mutable essence (chitta) is the underlying principle of these many forms. ||5||
तत्र ध्यानजमनाशयम् ॥६॥
tatra dhyānajam-anāśayam ||6||
In the various manifestations, the impression engendered by contemplation (dhyana) is free of influences. ||6||
कर्माशुक्लाकृष्णं योगिनः त्रिविधमितरेषाम् ॥७॥
karma-aśukla-akṛṣṇaṁ yoginaḥ trividham-itareṣām ||7||
For a yogi, the law of cause and effect (karma) is neither white nor black, but is threefold for others. ||7||
ततः तद्विपाकानुग्णानामेवाभिव्यक्तिः वासनानाम् ॥८॥
tataḥ tad-vipāka-anugṇānām-eva-abhivyaktiḥ vāsanānām ||8||
In accordance with this law of cause and effect, the fruits ripen that correspond to the underlying desires (vasanas). ||8||
जाति देश काल व्यवहितानामप्यान्तर्यां स्मृतिसंस्कारयोः एकरूपत्वात् ॥९॥
jāti deśa kāla vyavahitānām-apy-āntaryāṁ smṛti-saṁskārayoḥ ekarūpatvāt ||9||
Even if modality, place and time cease to exist, the continuity of wish and consequences remains, for remembrance (smriti) and impressions (samskaras) are part of the same being. ||9||
तासामनादित्वं चाशिषो नित्यत्वात् ॥१०॥
tāsām-anāditvaṁ cāśiṣo nityatvāt ||10||
The continuity arising from wish and reality has no beginning, for the will to live is eternal. ||10||
हेतुफलाश्रयालम्बनैःसंगृहीतत्वातेषामभावेतदभावः ॥११॥
hetu-phala-āśraya-ālambanaiḥ-saṁgṛhītatvāt-eṣām-abhāve-tad-abhāvaḥ ||11||
The continuity of wish and reality arises from supporting factors and external objects. If they disappear, the continuity arising from wish and reality likewise disappears. ||11||
अतीतानागतं स्वरूपतोऽस्तिअध्वभेदाद् धर्माणाम् ॥१२॥
atīta-anāgataṁ svarūpato-'sti-adhvabhedād dharmāṇām ||12||
The past and future exist inherently. Tasks (dharma) arise from the changes. ||12||
ते व्यक्तसूक्ष्माः गुणात्मानः ॥१३॥
te vyakta-sūkṣmāḥ guṇa-atmānaḥ ||13||
These characteristics are manifest or subtle, physical or spiritual ||13||
परिणामैकत्वात् वस्तुतत्त्वम् ॥१४॥
pariṇāma-ikatvāt vastu-tattvam ||14||
The uniqueness of change comprises the essence of everything. ||15||
वस्तुसाम्ये चित्तभेदात्तयोर्विभक्तः पन्थाः ॥१५॥
vastusāmye citta-bhedāt-tayorvibhaktaḥ panthāḥ ||15||
That which is mutable in us (chitta) takes various paths to the same object, perception of which thus differs from one person another . ||15||
न चैकचित्ततन्त्रं चेद्वस्तु तदप्रमाणकं तदा किं स्यात् ॥१६॥
na caika-citta-tantraṁ cedvastu tad-apramāṇakaṁ tadā kiṁ syāt ||16||
Nor does an object depend on that which is mutable in human beings; for if it did, then what would happen to the object if it were not perceived? ||16||
तदुपरागापेक्षित्वात् चित्तस्य वस्तुज्ञाताज्ञातं ॥१७॥
tad-uparāga-apekṣitvāt cittasya vastu-jñātājñātaṁ ||17||
However, whether an object, situation or person is understood or misjudged depends on the emotional preconceptions and the expectations of that which is mutable in human beings. ||17||
सदाज्ञाताः चित्तव्र्त्तयः तत्प्रभोः पुरुषस्यापरिणामित्वात् ॥१८॥
sadājñātāḥ citta-vrttayaḥ tat-prabhoḥ puruṣasya-apariṇāmitvāt ||18||
The true self can always observe the misconceptions (vritti) in that which is mutable in human beings, because this pure self (purusha) is not in motion. ||18||
न तत्स्वाभासं दृश्यत्वात् ॥१९॥
na tat-svābhāsaṁ dṛśyatvāt ||19||
As that which is mutable in human beings is not inherently identifiable, it is a perceptible object. ||19||
एक समये चोभयानवधारणम् ॥२०॥
eka samaye c-obhaya-an-avadhāraṇam ||20||
Nor can both the mind and the illuminating process be cognized simultaneously. ||20||
चित्तान्तर दृश्ये बुद्धिबुद्धेः अतिप्रसङ्गः स्मृतिसंकरश्च ॥२१॥
cittāntara dṛśye buddhi-buddheḥ atiprasaṅgaḥ smṛti-saṁkaraś-ca ||21||
That which is mutable in one human being (chitta) being perceived by another mutable human being (chitta) would be as absurd as perception perceiving perception, and would result in confusion of remembrance. ||21||
चितेरप्रतिसंक्रमायाः तदाकारापत्तौ स्वबुद्धि संवेदनम् ॥२२॥
citer-aprati-saṁkramāyāḥ tad-ākāra-āpattau svabuddhi saṁ-vedanam ||22||
Unlike the characteristic of that which is immutable in human beings, the true self is unchangeable and can thus achieve full knowledge and self knowledge. ||23||
द्रष्टृदृश्योपरक्तं चित्तं सर्वार्थम् ॥२३॥
draṣṭṛ-dṛśy-opa-raktaṁ cittaṁ sarva-artham ||23||
The actual purpose of that which is mutable in human beings (chitta) is to see close up both the observer (drashtu) and the observed object. ||23||
तदसङ्ख्येय वासनाभिः चित्रमपि परार्थम् संहत्यकारित्वात् ॥२४॥
tad-asaṅkhyeya vāsanābhiḥ citram-api parārtham saṁhatya-kāritvāt ||24||
This human mutability (chitta) has countless wishes of every description (vasana). But it has another purpose – namely to establish a connection between the outside world and the true self. ||24||
विशेषदर्शिनः आत्मभावभावनानिवृत्तिः ॥२५॥
viśeṣa-darśinaḥ ātmabhāva-bhāvanā-nivṛttiḥ ||25||
For he who has experienced this unique vision (darshana), the desire (vritti) for self fulfillment vanishes. ||25||
तदा विवेकनिम्नं कैवल्यप्राग्भारं चित्तम् ॥२६॥
tadā viveka-nimnaṁ kaivalya-prāg-bhāraṁ cittam ||26||
Then the power of discernment (viveka) will be strengthened and all that is mutable in human beings (chitta) will take the path of liberation (kaivalya). ||26||
तच्छिद्रेषु प्रत्ययान्तराणि संस्कारेभ्यः ॥२७॥
tac-chidreṣu pratyaya-antarāṇi saṁskārebhyaḥ ||27||
This viewpoint is breached by preconceptions (samskara), whereupon other impressions arise. ||27||
हानमेषां क्लेशवदुक्तम् ॥२८॥
hānam-eṣāṁ kleśavad-uktam ||28||
These preconceptions are eliminated as described previously for spiritual burdens (klesha). ||28||
प्रसंख्यानेऽप्यकुसीदस्य सर्वथा विवेकख्यातेः धर्ममेघस्समाधिः ॥२९॥
prasaṁkhyāne-'py-akusīdasya sarvathā vivekakhyāteḥ dharma-meghas-samādhiḥ ||29||
Attaining genuinely deep insight even engenders constant imperturbability and discernment (viveka). This state is referred to as dharma megha samadhi. ||29||
ततः क्लेशकर्मनिवृत्तिः ॥३०॥
tataḥ kleśa-karma-nivṛttiḥ ||30||
Then the concept (vritti) of spiritual burden (klesha) and cause and effect (karma) will be completely removed. ||30||
तदा सर्वावरणमलापेतस्य ज्ञानस्यानन्त्यात् ज्ञेयमल्पम् ॥३१॥
tadā sarva-āvaraṇa-malāpetasya jñānasya-ānantyāt jñeyamalpam ||31||
Then all veils and uncertainty fall away. Knowledge that can be gained is nothing compared to the infinity of knowledge. ||31||
ततः कृतार्थानं परिणामक्रमसमाप्तिर्गुणानाम् ॥३२॥
tataḥ kṛtārthānaṁ pariṇāma-krama-samāptir-guṇānām ||32||
In this way is the purpose of change accomplished and all change (krama) in the physical realm (guna) comes to an end. ||32||
क्षणप्रतियोगी परिणामापरान्त निर्ग्राह्यः क्रमः ॥३३॥
kṣaṇa-pratiyogī pariṇāma-aparānta nirgrāhyaḥ kramaḥ ||33||
The experience of a sequencing process of moments and changes comes to an end, thus making change (krama) a real experience. ||33||
पुरुषार्थशून्यानां गुणानांप्रतिप्रसवः कैवल्यं स्वरूपप्रतिष्ठा वा चितिशक्तिरिति ॥३४॥
puruṣa-artha-śūnyānāṁ guṇānāṁ-pratiprasavaḥ kaivalyaṁ svarūpa-pratiṣṭhā vā citiśaktiriti ||34||

Liberation (kaivalya) fulfills the goal of the true self (purusha); matter (guna) is transcended. The true nature of being and the force of absolute knowledge are then revealed. ||34||






In swara yoga, prana or energy is circulated in the body through a system of nadis or pathways, of which the three most important are known as ida, pingala and sushumna.  These three flow up the spine, ida and pingala coiling around sushumna at the centre.  

Ida terminates at the upper opening of the left nostril, pingala at the upper opening of the right nostril, and sushumna at sahasrara chakra at the crown of the head. Ida is known as the lunar nadi because its activation produces calmness and a feeling of well being. Traditionally, the colour is blue. 

Pingala is known as the solar nadi because its qualities are heat and dynamism. Its colour is red. 

Sushumna is the synthesis or spiritual nadi which becomes active when ida and pingala are balanced. Its colour is gold. 

There is a direct correspondence between the states associated with the activation of ida, pingala and sushumna nadis and the parasympathetic, sympathetic and central nervous systems respectively. 

When we breathe in through the left nostril, ida nadi or the parasympathetic nervous system as well as the right hemisphere of the brain are stimulated. When we breathe in through the right nostril, pingala nadi or the sympathetic nervous system as well as the left hemisphere of the brain are stimulated. 

When the breath is equalised through both nostrils, the brain and the sympathetic and parasympathetic systems are balanced. Then a state of equilibrium is achieved in the central nervous system and the state of meditation dawns as the sushumna awakens.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/awakening-and-raising-kundalini-after.html




Naveen Periasamy
January 12, 2015 at 12:17 PM
Dear Captain,
Please also explain in more detail the following verse from Sadhana Padha,
वितर्कबाधने प्रतिप्रक्षभावनम् ॥३३॥
vitarka-bādhane pratiprakṣa-bhāvanam ||33||
Uncertainty concerning implementation can be overcome via orientation with the reverse. ||33||

Thanks,

Naveen


########################

Hi np,


Modern Lateral thinking taught in Management schools is lifted from the ancient yogic method of PRATIPAKSHA BHAVANAM . 

There is NO knee jerk reaction like an idiot - only willful choice of a sage .  Every action is pro-active and grounded IN THE MOMENT  . This is the message of Bhagawad Gita.



A yogi is trained to recognize negative thoughts, feelings and habits , and refocus energy onto positive thoughts, emotions and  activities  .

A yogi keeps away from self pity for it will interfere with mature positive action. He can make peace with his past by conscious contemplation so that he does NOT mar his present .

A yogi does NOT jump into conclusions . Nobody can make him jump into the bandwagon. He does NOT bow to precedent.  He will NOT get pre-occupied with stuff over which he has zilch control.


He does proactive change by seeking out reasons for change rather than waiting for them to arise. He can deal with change as a matter of heart as well as the head.  

Change demands energy. Hours of worry will drain your energy. The path through change is rarely smooth or predictable. The first need is to recognise the need for change and let go of old ways.  

He can build inner  awareness of the need and impact of change.  He drops his ego.  He admits to himself if he has made mistakes in the past. His new way is not to be judged as better/ worse or right/ wrong. They are simply new and need to be learned practiced and judged on their merits. 

Yoga has given him a sense of autonomy and self direction. He forges the hinges of destiny on his own terms. He rarely seeks the comfort zone. He seeks new balance and direction.  He can  establish new attitudes and beliefs .

The Yogi uses his free choice and does NOT sweat the small stuff. He will NOT short sell himself . He knows how to let go at the right time.

Happiness is a victory lap of positive forces over negative forces in your life.  A yogi can weed out negative thought.  Freedom from want is his greatest liberator. The gambler who waits for one more throw of the dice  is not exactly liberated.

A yogi is free from worry, compulsive thinking , negativity and pathetic clinging . He can put himself in another person’s shoes to view from another perspective-laterally.  He does NOT engage in tunnel vision . His is NOT stuck in microscope mode— he can pull back his lens at will and go to telescope mode.

Of course he is NOT a dim-wit. He can use pain for feedback.  He uses  pain as a message from the universal forces. He can follow his  emotions but he know when to control them.  He knows that an easy and calm mind can only be attained when emotions are allowed a safe expression.  

He can separate his  pride from the situation in hand.  He does NOT take things personally and get hajaar hypersensitive.. He does NOT swell on nasty remarks . He is able to ignore run down battery torches who endlessly challenges the sun.  

He has the innate ability to move on after grieving. He does NOT get mired in self pity . He is NOT the crying type.  He sees possibilities in every problem.  He can enjoy even a uncomfortable moment and then give a moonh todh full blooded shot. The Gita teaches us to give full blooded shots. 

The yogi has grace under pressure. He does NOT expect too much .He does NOT concentrate on what he does NOT have. He can count his blessings.

He does NOT break his own word to himself consistently. He is NOT addicted to emotional drama, hysteria and cynicism. . He does NOT seek happiness at the expense of anothers deep unhappiness – even if it were his enemy..

 Bhavanam has been used by half wit white skinned Indophiles to mean house ( TEE HEEEE !) —it is NOT made of brick it is bhavana – a thought.

The yogi can take another lateral view, and reframe his perspective on the situation. He is flexible .
Pratipaksha Bhavanam is a method that helps us catch these destructive and distracting thoughts, and redirect our minds back toward the yogic path. This is done by actively cultivating thoughts of the opposite nature when a destructive thought arises.  

The human brain has 2 lobes—left and right. The left side is used by all and sundry in short the bhartical--nay- VERTICAL THINKERS– the right lobe by yogis who are capable of LATERAL THINKING.

Lateral thinking recognises that the approach to a problem is never as important as its solution. It cares two hoots for logical thinking . The tool of insight is a creative gift called yogic lateral thinking. The good part is that lateral thinking can be learnt—you need not be born with it.

Vertical thinking using the left lobe of the brain is all about being right and logical at EVERY sequential step—it blocks all illogical pathways. Lateral thinking is more concerned with the wealth of thoughts .

A lateral thinker is never satisfied with the ADEQUATE beaten track. He does not drill his tunnel though logical steps to his goal—rather he will leap frog—opening new pathways. His last few steps is the one which will make his venture a success. 

Our Chutney Marys and Pickle Johns of our main stream media and BHARTIC-- nay- vertical thinkers . They think in tunnel mode. Their minds can NEVER EVER soar like a condor.

Pratipaksha Bhavana opens doors .By creating the opposite thought and reflecting on the possible consequences of our thoughts, words, and deeds… we are instantly given more options for thinking, feeling, and behaving.

The much touted and admired EQ of this century is about being right at every step. They can never understand the concept of a back swing.  The misunderstood and much maligned IQ+HQ with its tinge of madness is all about being right only at the end. 

Sometimes the genius will move to an untenable position to find a tenable solution. We used Pratipaksha Bhavana when sent our rocket to Mars.  The rocket went the opposite way first.  The satellite went the reverse way and catapulted around another planet to achieve the escape velocity.



Ancient Maharishis recognized the wisdom that the need to be right ALL the fu#kin’ time completely shuts out creativity and progress.

Pratipaksha Bhavana does NOT allow you to stare at the rear view mirror of life. You can at the most give a darting glance.  No self delusions , no distorted interpretations,  no selective perceptions.  No keeping one leg in the past and one in the future , to piss on the present.  Slow down maaan , give it a second thought—INTROSPECT is the message.


Pratipaksha means opposite and bhavana means contemplation .   By cultivating an opposite or positive thought when we are in the throes of emotional turbulence, we pave the way for self-healing.   

Patanjali is simply asking us to replace anger with compassion, violent thoughts with peaceful ones, hate with love, feelings of tension and stress with a sense of relaxation and contentment.

Pratipaksha bhavana assists us with spiritual transformation and self-realization. The emotions of love, peace, contentment and compassion are the natural state of our souls.  When we centre and align ourselves , we move to deeper levels of consciousness and grace.  

With Yogic deep diaphragmatic breathing , we take in the good and eject out the bad. 

Release any negative emotions or inner turbulence with every exhalation, as you continue contemplating the sacred joy and beauty of every inhalation.  

As you practice the substitution process of Pratipaksha Bhavana, the negative will gradually dissipate and lose its force and momentum. The positive will begin to assert itself—it is just a matter of time and patience. 

With sustained practice, as you go on developing the positive within yourself, the negative becomes sublimated and, to your surprise, soon vanishes.

When you attend old alumni meets , you can notice how little some people have changed. The bullies still remain bullies.  They subconsciously try to bully the same people whom they bullied 40 years ago. They still have all the negative traits and characteristics that they had when they were teenagers.  The same fears, attachments, ego and assumptions continue; they are only veiled.

Below: The practice of Pratipaksha Bhavana can help one to activate the IDA NADI parasympathetic nervous system (relaxation response) promoting homeostasis and healing.  The parasympathetic system of nerves is concerned with nourishing, healing and regeneration of the body.


The sympathetic and parasympathetic systems are antagonistic.  The sympathetic nervous system ( PINGALA NADI ) may be roughly likened to the gas pedal of a car.  The parasympathetic is more like the brake.  Pratipaksha Bhavana helps you to slow down. The sympathetic system, however, always takes precedence, because it is concerned with one’s survival.  

To promote balance and healing, the goal is to keep the sympathetic system turned off as much as possible.  This allows the maximum healing to occur.  Simple ways to do this are to rest, relax and think happy thoughts.  As soon as you think fearful or angry thoughts, or become too physically active, the body shifts into a sympathetic stance.   

Pratipaksha Bhavana is a simple and direct way of keeping our minds calm and our hearts open - meditation achieves this. Instead of indulging in the misery of our thoughts we can change the channel and connect to something positive. 

If the negative thought is a withdrawal from our innate peace of mind, then the positive response is an instant deposit. Pratipaksha bhavana adequately deals with the negative triggers as they emerge. This can deal effectively with pedophile psychopathic tendencies of homosexuality..
      

"When presented with disquieting thoughts or feelings, cultivate an opposite, elevated GRATEFUL attitude.  This is Pratipaksha Bhavana."



Getting back-




Yoga nourishes the intervertebral discs and the menisci discs of the knee

- READ THIS LINE A TRILLION TIMES.



-for if you have a knee and a back problem,you are FU#KED!. 



 You are up sh#t creek for good without a paddle !!



Only Yoga can move the SYNOVIAL FLUIDS around and nourish it.  Synovial fluid is the slippery liquid in joint systems that along with hyaline cartilage, allows smooth, painless movement of the bones. Synovial fluid is found in joints like the knees, hips, and elbows where more free movement of the bones is allowed. 


The few joints that do not have synovial fluid are the discs between your vertebrae in your back and both sacroiliac joints in the back of your pelvis. Consequently, movement of these joints is more limited than the others. Synovial fluid is also essential for delivering nutrients and oxygen to the hyaline cartilage which don’t have any sort of blood supply. 

The various poses in yoga allow this fluid to flow to different part of your body and with regular practice can increase the smooth flow of synovial fluid to your joints and make you move around more smoothly.

The isometric poses of yoga train the smaller muscles surrounding our joints to endure more pressure and make us work them harder in order to stabilize ourselves

Our joints are built to support us as we carry extra loads now and then but excess fat  to the point of obesity has been proven to cause earlier and more serious joint problems in individuals throughout their lives. Yoga along with a healthy diet can help you shed excess weight that is putting more pressure on your joints and inhibiting your movements.




No other form of exercise can isolate and concentrate on the muscles surrounding joints like yoga can while promoting healthy flow of blood and synovial fluid throughout the body. Even if joint problems are already getting the better of you there are still many poses that can be done on the floor that allow you to increase fluidity and loosen up the joints.



Yoga improves balance for stroke survivors.  When you have old parents you must know , all these highly polished modern tiles you put in your home are very slippery. You want to impress others ,  you want others to gape at your home.  You don’t release that your home is for you to live in safely. 

One fall and the aged hip bone breaks , due to useless modern foods.  Studies have proved that yoga practice of as little as twice a week had improved balance as well as less fear of falling. 
Yoga has NO barriers. It does NOT matter how old or young you are. It does NOT matter of you are a supreme endurance athlete or a fat couch potato.   The body uses its own weight.  The idea is to explore your limits,  not strive for some pretzel-like perfection.  


"No pain, no gain" is NOT the yoga way.   If it hurts, stop !.  Every ancient yoga teacher was a Ayurvedic physician too.



Our ancient texts talk about Swara Yoga. There is a nasal cycle which is influenced by our central nervous system . There are times when we can breathe more easily through the left nostril and another analogous period for the right nostril.  

This is connected with changes in cerebral hemispheric dominance which was proved with EEG recordings showing that higher activity of the right brain hemisphere results in easier breathing through the left nostril and the higher activity of the left brain hemisphere results in easier breathing through the right nostril and that this cycle changes every 60 to 180 minutes. This has been proved in many countries independently.

When we breathe more easily through the left nostril, the functioning of the right brain hemisphere is more pronounced and dominant than the left.  Easier breathing through the right nostril, on the other hand, means that the left brain hemisphere is currently dominating.

When we can breathe equally through both nostrils there is some kind of balance between left and right brain hemisphere functions and throughout the nervous system. This occurs mainly in the time of dawn, midday and sunset when the vital energies of nature are at their strongest.




We all have a right brain lobe and a left brain lobe.  For a right hander the left lobe is the Conscious lobe and the right brain lobe the Subconscious brain lobe.

Conscious = induction+ deduction ( determines what is to be done ).

LEFT BRAIN LOBE  ( for right handers )  : Numbers, written language, reasoning, spoken language, scientific skills , RH control

Subconscious = only deduction ( no thinking , draws conclusions, does not care for right or wrong, gives the power to do the job )

 RIGHT BRAIN LOBE ( for right handers ): Insight, 3D forms , art, imagination, music, left hand control. 

The conscious mind can be engaged 100% in giving bull  or deep thinking or day dreaming while the subconscious keeps the car safely on the road

Below: Ida- right brain lobe - sub-conscious. -left nostril/ body -parasympathetic nervous system-creative flow  - feminine -moon - blue



When you need to calm down, when your mind is chattering or when you can’t go to sleep, try left nostril (Ida) breathing.  Take your right hand and, with your fingers outstretched, block off your right nostril by putting gentle pressure on it with your right thumb.  Keep the rest of your fingers straight and pointing up towards the sky; the fingers act like antennas for the “cosmic” energy that surrounds us all.  


Below : The Sushumna nadi runs from base of the spine to the crown of the head. Located at the centre of the spinal cord.  Passing through all the seven chakras, it connects the Muladhara to Sahasrara chakra.  It is the way for Kundalini if awakened. Colour silver.




Below: Pingala , left brain lobe - conscious - right nostril/ body- sympathetic (fight or flight nervous) system- masculine -sun- red.




The sympathetic nervous system, dominates one side of the body and at the same time the parasympathetic nervous system dominates the opposite side.    SNS and PNS, is clearly connected to the daily rhythms of the neuroendocrine, cardiovascular and insulin systems, as well as to the secretion of stress hormones, cateholamines, which also show an alternate dominance in the left and right side of the body, and that this left-right pattern is also tightly coupled with the natural rhythm of the nasal cycle




The secrets of channeling breathing to influence the brain were documented 7000  years ago.  By practising the alternating breathing through the left and right nostrils we can naturally balance the functioning of both brain hemispheres .

The parasympathetic nervous system (PNS), lead to rest, conservation and restoration of energy and thus to a reduction in heart rate (HR) and blood pressure, a facilitation of digestive processes and the elimination of waste products.  It is an opportunity to rest, repair and consolidate. 

As a whole, the autonomic nervous system is understood as a `housekeeping' system which ensures our smooth functioning and adaptative responses to different situations in the outer and inner environment, and it is controlled primarily by the hypothalamus.

The sympathetic nervous system (SNS)  prepares us for an increased level of activity and the fight or flight response, which includes an increase in heart rate, blood pressure, cardiac output, a diversion of blood flow from the skin and splanchnic vessels of the internal organs to those supplying the skeletal muscles, increased pupil size, bronchiolar dilation, contraction of sphincters in the digestive system, and metabolic changes utilizing fat and glycogen. 

The sum total of these changes is to enable us to be maximally physically fit, to see and perceive most clearly and be ready for an explosive muscular action with a reduced tendency to bleeding in case of injury, with one purpose in mind - to fight or to flee, and save our skin.



Of late the nasal cycle is of considerable interest to ENT specialists and neurobiologists and it has been found to strongly correlate with a number of modifications of bodily functions, such as the relative EEG predominance of the contra lateral brain hemisphere,  rapid eye movement (REM) and non-REM sleep patterns , verbal and spatial cognitive processing and the release of endocrine agents such as noradrenalin, a potent stimulator of the sympathetic nervous system.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html

The ancient yogis knew which part of our nervous system is more dominant in a given moment and they instructed their students to how to benefit though conscious breathing effort. NEVER EVER by hyperventilation , but by deep diaphragmatic breathing. If at all bhastrika pranayama was used it was just to willfully break a cycle. The ancient yogis could influence the functions of different brain centres.  



They knew how to increase PERCEPTION just by a breathing cycle. They could slow down their hearts by a breathing cycle  I will give you a brief hint on how to do all this.



Yogis know how to selectively stimulate brain hemispheres through alternate nostril breathing. Breathing through the left nostril stimulates the right brain hemisphere and  the parasympathetic nervous system.  

This is connected with a slowing-down of the heart beat and consequently greater stroke volume of the heart . A greater volume of blood is pumped out of the heart per beat, as a consequence of lower heart rate.

Breathing through the right nostril stimulates the left brain hemisphere and the sympathetic nervous system. This results in accelerated heart beat, higher blood pressure, greater consumption of oxygen by the body cells and constriction of the blood vessels of the skin , thus preserving body temperature . This is how yogis can be totally oblivious to extreme weather conditions.  

Catecholamines are hormones, which regulate many body functions and are secreted upon stimulation of the sympathetic nervous impulses. Catecholamines trigger the release of glucose and fats (as energy sources) that are stored within the body. 

They also cause constriction of the blood vessels and increased blood pressure, heart rate and strength of heart contractions. Additionally, they dilate the bronchi, increase the basal metabolism of the body and mental activity and promote the body's capability to coagulate blood. 

One of my young officers had a deviated nasal septum, which caused him to breathe only though the right nostril, stimulating the sympathetic nervous system >He had high blood pressure . To treat his condition I told him to address the root cause and NOT to take hypertension tablets.  

After a minor operation of the nasal septum , he could breath equally through the both nostrils and his blood pressure problem became a thing of the past.



Have you ever wondered why you have two nostrils instead of one big fu#kin’ one?  

And what has Shiva and Parvati got to do with it ?   

According to Indophiles Shiva is a corpse eater lurking in a the dark shadows of the grave yard for a meal , right?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html



The pineal gland and the pituitary glands must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount Meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. 


Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance Soma. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. 


OM king mantra is 7.833 hertz. Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Neurotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind.  

At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL divine geometry. 



To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html




DIGRESSION:

ROTHSCHILD STOOGE BR AMBEDKAR RIDICULED THE HINDUS YUGAS - AND HE MADE THE HINDU SELF LOATHING - 

THIS COMMENT IS NOT PART OF THIS POST, BUT IT WILL BOOST THE MORALE AND PRIDE OF EVERY SINGLE HINDU ON THIS PLANET - 

NO MORE HIDING -CHEST OUT , CHIN IN-- CRY OUT,  WE ARE THE PROUDEST PEOPLE ON THIS PLANET.


###############################

vijay kumar
January 15, 2015 at 7:22 PM
Captain, what do you say on Sri Yukteswar Swami;s book "THE HOLY SCIENCE" in which he has mentioned YUGA Theory and saud we are currently in Dwapra Yuga.: http://www.minsobooks.com/Downloads/Yuga_Theory_Of_Sri_Yukteswar_in_The_Holy_Science.pdf

Delete
####################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 15, 2015 at 7:44 PM

hi vk,

TILL TODAY, NOT A SINGLE INDIAN HAS BEEN ABLE TO EXPLAIN THE YUGAS- NOT EVEN SWAMI VIVEKANANDA .

ADI SHANKARACHARYA WAS THE LAST TO KNOW ABOUT GOLDEN SPIRAL YUGA 4000 YEARS AGO .

TODAY ALL THESE FAKE GURUS HAVE LIFTED FROM THIS BLOG SITE AND PUT THEIR OWN VENEER AND ARE PREACHING AWAY TO GLORY .

OUR ANCIENT MAHARISHIS WERE CEREBRAL SUPERMEN.

7000 YEARS AGO, THE WROTE DOWN THE CONCEPT OF PRECESSION OF THE EARTH ( VISHNU NABHI ).

The Lotus from Vishnu's navel , moving in a circle on its supple stalk represents PRECESSION cycle of planet earth - of 25765 years.

Brahma sits on top the lotus -- every 25765 years it completes one cycle -last on Dec 21st 2012 .

The entire modern astronomy science is lifted from ancient Hinduism.

Our 4 Hindu yugas are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 . In the Kali yuga the cosmic cow stands of one leg. A cycle of four yugas takes a linear 25765 years ( instead of golden spiral 4,230,000 ).

The first point of Pisces was the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic till 21st Dec 2012. From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes and markes the end of Kali yugam.

Dharma walks on four feet in Krutha/ Satya Yuga, on 3 feet in Treta Yuga, on two feet in Dwapara Yuga and one foot in Kali yuga- this is an allegory.

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Vishnunabhi 'descending' yugas.

COSMIC MECHANISM IS IN REALITY A GOLDEN SPIRAL, AND NEVER A STAGNANT CIRCLE.

Without understanding linear and spiral time ( yugas–aeon ) the Greeks who have lifted this concept use kronos ( chronos ) versus kairos.

Kronos time is linear , what we understand today.. It is quantifiable and measured. The precession cycle of 25765 years.

Kairos time is spiral ( stolen from Indian texts by Greek Aristotle ) based on the Golden spiral in a shankh or conch . .

THE GOLDEN SPIRAL TIME , TAKES INTO ACCOUNT DILATION OF SPACE TIME-WHICH ALBERT EINSTEIN LIFTED AND GOT FOR HIMSELF THE NOBEL PRIZE..

We blow conches in Hindu temples.

Our 4 Hindu yugas ( krita 1728000 years / treta 1296000 / dwapara 864000 / kali 432000 ) are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 . In the Kali yuga the cosmic cow stands of one leg.

The ancient Indian Sri Yantra is based on the Golden mean of 1.618. The innards of the conch which creates the sound is shaped by brahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.

In Advaita philosophy , the original theory of Sanatana Dharma brahmAn is the supreme god.

The ancient Vedas written in 5000 BC tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field.

The Vedas said that all energy is a spiral and that empty space is not empty at all. It is a plenum, containing zero point field energy.. Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAL. Rest are all transverse.

Spirals which follow the Golden mean and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves. A conch can create scalar waves.

The sound of the sea when you listen to the conch held to your ear is the sound of the Zero Point Field or Scalar Field or Brahman or OM. OM is 7.83 hertz and can be heard only by the heart, as the audible frequency starts with 20 Hz.

Ancient Maharishis with 12 strand DNA could hear OM . Hindu king mantra OM is copied Christianity ( AMEN ), Judaism ( SHALOM ), Islam ( 786 –write in Arabic left to right and show in mirror to see OM symbol )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..



BELOW: GOLDEN SPIRAL TIME-MEANT FOR CEREBRAL SUPERMEN ONLY



BELOW: LINEAR TIME ( MEANT FOR NON-CEREBRAL CATEGORY )



BELOW: GOLDEN MEAN 1.618



BELOW: MICRO SCALE



BELOW: MID SCALE HURRICANE



BELOW: MACRO GALACTIC SCALE









http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/flight-of-vedic-vimana-capt-ajit.html

Now,you will understand why I said the above post is my BEST till date - understand 3D geometry using 1.618 covering this globe  ! 

PICKLE JOHNS , CHUTNEY MARYs AND CHOOTS , LAY OFF !



This golden reclining statue of Lord Vishnu showing the Vishnu Nabhi was unearthed at Sri Padmanabha Swamy temple in Kerala , 3 years ago from a minor vault.



The inventoried assets were worth 24 BILLION USD.  The major vaults are sealed by the government due to security problems.

This is what Wikipedia says –let me quote—

QUOTE: the treasure in the unopened vault B alone, would be worth at least USD one TRILLION in present-day terms, before the cultural value being factored in : UNQUOTE

How did Rothschild suddenly become rich in 1799 AD ?   R carted away gold in several ships down to their marks- hundreds of tonnes of PURE gold..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html

YOU REALLY HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH INTELLIGENCE IS PACKED INTO THIS SHORT SPACE, ABOUT GOLDEN SPIRAL TIME 

#####################################################
DIGRESSION  YET  YENOTHER  TIME 


Taslima RushdieJanuary 16, 2015 at 3:08 AM
Captain Ajitji sadar pranam:

Reporting another perception molder for the followers of your blog: Yogesh Master, a pervert Kannada writer.

In his book "Dhundi" he has reportedly presented Ganapati as a wild person "Dhundi" who later becomes the god Ganapati. He claims that Ganapati was "a god of backward castes"/ dravidas.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkfSLVumTuY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OzUUXmLsuI

Look at a few of his "variginal" "yuckspert" gleeful comments in the interview:

1. When Parvati encounters Shiva as a lay woman, the erotic actions of Shiva are absurd or horrifying for her.
2. When Ganga and Gauri quarrel, they scold each other calling whore and very vulgar words.
3. Vi-nayaka means "no leader". Vinayaka means "evil incarnate". (He claims to have PROOF to prove this)
4. Seeing vinayaka in dreams is a bad omen.
5. Manusmriti says that Ganapati is the deiti of the shudras.
6. If anyone is POSSESSED by vinayaka: a prince can't become a king and a young woman won't get a good husband.
7. Ganapati is mentioned only in the puranas and not in the vedas.
8. In vedic period only agni, varuna, indra such people were there. Only in the puranas you find the vishnu, shiva and other gods.
9. Vedic people hijacked nonaryan deities like vishnu, shiva, krishna, hanumana of the dravidian race.
10. Ganapati is "sonn" of Parvati but not son of Shiva and Murugan is son of Shiva but not son of Parvati. So that completes the family.

If all this is true then the Bhimvadi people should stop worshiping Bhim or Buddha statue and start worshiping Ganapati, their real god.

... Taslima Rushdie

ReplyDelete
Replies


#################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 16, 2015 at 6:17 AM
hi tr,

hi tr,

people have denigrated lord shiva.  these people have the support of our BENAMI media and the white man.

shiva was converted to a sex starved tribal, a corpse eating aghori.

zakir naik's denigration of hinduism ( ganesha etc ) is still on you tube.

ALL the indophiles ( except a few have denigrated hinduism ).

ever since this blogsite ridiculed wikipedia of writing that FAKE "kabirDAS of immaculate conception , floated on a lotus leaf ( like krishna ) down ganges river to be found by a Muslim weaver" -  they have quietly deleted it.   for even an idiot knows this is absolute bull.

all R opium founded universities in USA/ UK are anti-hindu.

WHY DID I WRITE A POST ABOUT SATYAMEVA JAYATE OF AAMIR KHAN ?

WHY DID CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL GET ARRESTED FOR HATE SPEECH ( TELLING THE TRUTH )?

SMJ gave space to a dalit Sanskrit scholar of Delhi University Kaushal Panwar -- who keeps reminding everybody who cares to listen that -- HUNREAAADES of people call me daily.

So who invites her , to throw sh#t on the Vedas?

Hold your breath -- Harvard University .

Her speech is on Youtube .

She is seen slamming Indian culture, Hinduism and the Vedas, in Hindi to a white English audience -- all the while moaning how she is being discriminated.

This woman cant speak English to save her own life..

Now, why would a diamond polisher abuse the diamond ?

Use your commonsense here. Why would a dalit Sanskrit Scholar abuse the best work in Sanskrit, the 7000 year old Vedas.

ZAKIR NAIK DESTROYS PATRIOTIC MINDSETS AMONG MUSLIMS - AS HIS FUNDS ARE FROM ABROAD .

i have seen his sevral times running down India's ancient math/ scince/ astronomy/ medicine / vedas/ upanishads --

he does NOT know that islam is just 1300 years old, while our vedas were penned down 7000 years ago after 23000 years on oral route .

zakir naik will rattle out like string crackers -

saudi AL HULL BULL invented math
egyptian AL HURR BURR invented astronomy
iraqi AL KURR KURR invented science
malian AL FURR BURR invented medicine

and then you will all Indian muslims cheering like mad .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html

and when he LIES vedas told that earth is flat--all these Indian muslims go GA GA .

what is all this?

are they patriots?

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A BENAMI TV ANCHOR OR A DEBATER ON PRIME TIME PRAISING ANCIENT INDIA ? 

WELL IF THEY DO THAT THEIR CONTRACT WILLNOT BE RENEWED.

16000 virgin gopikas whom lord krishna screwed ( poison injected by white invader ) never existed-- for it is an allegory.

SAHASRARA CHAKRA is a 1000 petalled lotus -- each with 16 kalas or aspects --this works out to 16000 .

this is NOT some girl who has sex with Lord Krishna --taking turns.

Narakasura kidnapped 16000 damsels --and Lord Krishna saved these damsels in distress.

this is just an allegory.

shiva/ parvati/ ganesha are all allegories -personalised in a brilliant manner . 

72,000 nadis originate in a place just above muladhara chakra known as “medhra.”   Mula bandha stimulates all 72,000 nadis at their source, an effect which makes it very powerful.

Mula Bandha draws energy towards the lower end of the spine, into the Muladhara Chakra.

There are three bandhas employed in yoga: the root valve located at the perineum (called mula bandha, also spelled as moola bandha), the stomach valve located around the belly (called uddiyana bandha) and the chin valve located at the throat (called jalandhara bandha).

Mula bandha is performed by contracting and lifting inward and upward the muscles of the perineum—a muscle between the asshole and the balls- to sublimate sexual energy and raise it to higher chakras.

As you “lock” the muscles of the perineum, you “unlock” prana and redirecting the flow upwards and reversing the natural tendency of apana to flow downwards.

This muscle is NOT the muscle contracted when you are trying to hold a shit, NOR the muscle with which you are trying to hold a pee.--but the muscle equidistant between the two, which contract during sexual orgasm .

 This muscle help men control premature ejaculation and women to have natural childbirth.

This bandha indeed is the root (moola ) of creation and is mentioned in the 7000 year old Upanishads.

The sleeping kundalini is aroused by the extreme heat and just as a serpent beaten with a stick straightens and hisses.

The pubococcygeus muscle is a hammock-like muscle, that stretches from the pubic bone to the coccyx (tail bone) forming the floor of the pelvic cavity and supporting the pelvic organs.

Activate this Mula Bandha at the end of an inhalation, as the exhalation starts. Draw the pelvic floor in and up.

Brahma granthi, ( the knot of Brahma ) located near muladhara chakra, is pierced and then untied by a moola bandha.

Kundlaini cannot travel upwards unless the Brahma Granthi is untied.

By the way Brahma Granthi ( a muladhara chakra ) is related to the physical body, Vishnu Granthi ( at anahata chakra ) is related to the astral body and Rudra Granthi ( at Ajna chakra ) is related to the causal body.

When Kundalini ascends Vishuddha Chakra and reaches Ajna Chakra, and beyond the five elements of earth, water, fire, air, and akasha- he Ida and Pingala nadis cross over each other and disintegrate in the left and right nostrils, respectively.

As lunar and solar channels, Ida and Pingala are time bound. After this plexis in Ajna Chakra, the time bound consciousness dissolves, and one establishes himself in Infinity.

GANESHA UNTIES THE BRAHMA GRANTHI AT THE MOOLADHARA CHAKRA FOR HIS MOTHER SHAKTI ( PARVATI ) TO RISE UP AS KUNDALINI AND MERGE WITH HIS FATHER SHIVA AT SAHASRARA CHAKRA .

The Muladhara chakra ( root ) hangs outside your body between your thighs , just beneath your scrotum.

The Sahasrara chakra ( crown ) is located on top of your head.

the allegories of Hinduism are for the intelligent NOT for dimwits.

On the micro scale, lord ganesha resides in muladhara chakra. he is in charge of the brahma granthi knot.

only when ganesh loosens the knot can his mother shakti / parvati ( kundalini ) rush up to embrace her husband shiva who resides at topmost sahasrara chakra .  

son ganesha  removes the obstacle which prevents his father shiva and mother parvati meeting, and only he has this master key --

----and this is why ganesha is known so--so that kundalini can take the safe path of sushumna  for exploding consciousness --not ida or pingala..

so all these myths are for idiots -- of ganesha standing guard ( an obstacle ) while his mother parvati is taking bath , and shiva wanting to enter the bath room etc .

mooladhara chakra is associated with jnana indriya -- sense of smell -- a large nose -- trunk of elephant.

in hindu astrology mars is the malefic planet. mooladhara is red resonance.

ganesha removes the obstacles.  When I moved into my new home I did ganesha homam—

In Hindusim Mars is mangalam --auspicious --as ganesha is there to take care of this planet.

we do ganesha homam-- to remove blockages - addictions, compulsions, fear, indiscipline.

the root chakra is the survival seat - will to live, faith in life.

On the macro scale , Ganesha has the swastika symbol on his palm. It represents the cosmic spinning vortex.
Everything is energy.
All energy is a vortex .

let choots say whatever they want over brandy and cigars --or halal meat or pork chops or kosher vinegar !.

BENAMI MEDIA DARLINGS  LIKE AMISH TRIPATI , DEVDUTT PATTANAIK ETC HAVE MADE MONEY ON FAKE HINDUSIM.   YOGESH MASTER  IS JUST ONE AMONG THOUSANDS .

capt ajit vadakayil

..




Below: Ganesha at Mooladhara chakra 





Below: ancient Hindus symbol of shiva/ shakti merging has been given to Judaism by the disgraced namboodiris who invented Judaism





Below: All ancient Shiva/ Shakti temples have this symbol.  Judaism is just 3000 years old.




###################################

Getting back-

Alternate nostril breathing (as in nadi sodhan pranayama) balances the functioning of the left and right brain hemispheres , improves spatial orientation and spatial memory (left nostril), improves verbal expression (right nostril) and cognition . 

People who do NOT get a single answer in any office meeting ( and hence are treated like sh#t ) and children who are NOT SO BRIGHT in school can gain from this.


When we lower the frequency of the heartbeat  we allow our heart to rest a little bit longer than usual between two consecutive contractions.  This additional resting allows the heart to be filled with larger quantities of blood and to contract with greater strength, thereby strengthening the heart muscle and maintaining it in better condition.

Tantric text Shiva Swarodaya is also called  Swara yoga which implies the  "science of one's own breath" .   The script starts with the conversation between Parvati and Shiva, where Shiva starts introducing the scripts and explaining about the need for maintaining secrecy and also stating astrological value of the text.   

Its fundamental application is to realize the breath as being the medium of cosmic life force, through practising “Swara Yoga” .





Shakti ( Parvati ) asks Lord Shiva:

Q. 1. Which knowledge bestows perfection?

Q. 2. How was the universe created?

Q.3. How does the universe change and dissolve?

Q.4. Who determines the universe?




Lord Shiva responds:   Creation takes place due to tattwas (subtle essences), is sustained by them and finally dissolves into them. Tattwas are the origin of the universe. There is one birthless, formless supreme existence from which evolves akasha (ether), from which comes vayu (air). From vayu originates tejas (fire), from tejas apas (water) and from apas prithvi (earth). These five elements are spread throughout the world. Creation is formed and sustained from them and again merges back into them as the subtle process of creation continues ceaselessly.

What is swara? The science of Swara is the secret of all secrets and reveals the essence of all benefits. This science is the crown jewel of all knowledge. It is the subtlest of all subtle knowledge. It is easy to understand and based on truth. To the atheist it is a wonder, to the theist, the base (verse 11, Shiv Swara Udaya)

Who may have the knowledge? It should be given to one who is peaceful, pure, well behaved, dedicated to the guru, determined in mind, grateful (verse 13) The glory of Swara The power of swara overcomes enemies and joins friends, obtains wealth and glory (verse 22)

O Lady of beautiful face, all sacred books, moral stories, learning and Upinashads are not beyond the knowledge of swara (verse 25)

If you have knowledge of Swara, it is not necessary to consult the date, stars, days, planets, gods, conjunctions of stars or disorders of humours, phlegm, bile, wind, before starting any project (verse 29)

The teaching should not be revealed simply to answer someone's questions, but by one's own self, by one's own intellect in one's own body (verse 28)

AMONG SHASTRA

Among subjects that the texts on Swara discuss are the placement, location and function of the nadis, Yoga sadhana, description of auspicious/ inauspicious nadis according to the day, rules of the five tattwas, Zodiac signs according to the day and night, the appropriate direction of travel, reverse situations, fulfilment of desires-

Shiva explains auspicious acts during the flow of ida nadi, successful acts during the flow of Pingala nadi, characteristics of sushumna nadi, eight-fold division of elements or breath, predictions and divination, places of the five elements in the body, how to get gain and prosperity, prediction and indicators of death, attainment of psychic powers through the knowledge of swara..

This book is divided into 24 chapters in which Parvati, wife of Shiva asks about all aspects of life. She starts with a prayer and obescience to the Lord (Iswara) and then asks about all manner of things to which Lord Shiva answers that everything depends on swara; that "If breath is going out and coming in, there is life and if the movement stops, the body perishes." She continues asking about the nature of the universe, the origin of the embryo, the origin of swara, and all sorts of details about swara, knowledge of the tattwas, on food, sickness, war, dreams and death and many other topics. 

Shiva answers Parvati's questions patiently and fully and goes on the tell her all about swara saying that "for all beings, breath is only the base." These include techniques for managing the planetary effects and the moon's phases and avoiding the negative influence of the planets and astral forces, through altering the breath flow or swara in the nostrils, manipulating and controlling the breath or the breath flow through each nostril. We can alter our destiny by  being more auspicious, and realising, and eventually attaining the harmony and the Highest Consciousness.




There are three modes of breathing- flow from left nostril, flow from right nostril and flow from both the nostrils. The last mode is generally for a short duration when breathing switches from left to right and vice versa.  Mode of breathing can be checked by examining air flow while exhaling.

All our actions can be classified into three main categories; physical, mental and spiritual; which are respectively presided by the above three modes of breathing. 

 Breathing through the left nostril ( ida nadi ) stimulates the right hemisphere of brain, and breathing through the right nostril ( pingala nadi ) stimulates the left hemisphere. 


Breathing through the left nostril is connected with higher intraocular pressure and breathing through the right nostril lowers that pressure Intraocular pressure  is created by the continual renewal of fluids within the eye. The intraocular pressure is increased in glaucoma.

Below: Breathing through the left nostril stimulates Ida which relates to the moon and the parasympathetic nervous system, breathing through the right stimulates Pingala, relating to the sun and sympathetic nervous system.   Ida nadi is associated with the rest and restorative system of the body, whereas the pingala nadi is associated with the fight and flight response.  

As each rises up the back and neck and over the head, the nadis meet in the ajna chakra, or ‘third eye,’ and then drop down into the nose, the ida nadi terminating in the left nostril ( right brain lobe ), and the pingala nadi terminating in the right nostril ( left brain lobe ).



Using electroencephalograph monitoring, modern science has recognised the benefits of balancing and harmonising the two brain hemispheres.  Dominance of the two hemispheres change about every ninety minutes this in turn relates to a dominant nostril side for breath to flow. 

If the left brain is dominant the right nostril is dominant and vice versa, the dominance of the brain has an influence on which is the dominant nostril. What’s also been discovered is this works the other way, changing the dominant nostril will affect the dominance of the brain hemisphere so equalising the breath will also balance the brain, creating the harmonious effect we achieve in Nadi Shodana.

The flow of prana within the sushumna nadi represents the awakening of kundalini, but in almost all people prana only flows within the ida and pingala nadis, representing the duality of human consciousness. 

Ayurveda has recorded that human health is dependent upon the natural, balanced flow of prana within the pingala and ida nadis. This balance ensures the proper function of the autonomic nervous system, and the resultant effects in the body.

 Pranayama starts with the left nostril always. The benefits of left nostril breathing are numerous including sharper, clearer focus of the mind, and a deep, full relaxation or sleep.  In the Yogic tradition, left nostril breathing has been used to break vices and habits, which usually take 21 days  .  


Protein scientists will NOT understand the 72000 nadis.   Nadi literally means 'flow or current'.  In the Nadis are NOT nerves but energy rivulets composed of astral matter through which consciousness flows.   Like the chakras ( energy transducers ) they are not located in the physical body, though nerves of the physical body can be considered as their corresponding physical manifestations.   

Prana ( life force energy ) flows through the Nadis .  When the Nadis have become purified the aura of the yogi increases as can be detected by a Kirlean camera.  The other signs are  lightness of the body, brilliancy in complexion, increase of the gastric fire, leanness of the body, and along with these, the absence of restlessness and ego.

QUALITY  /  IDA    / PINGALA
Guna /  Tamasic    /  Rajasic
Breath /   Left nostril     /  Right nostril
Temperature /   Cold   /   Hot
Sex   /   Female  /  Male
Quality /    Mental   /  Physical
Colour  /   Blue    /   Red
Energy /    Negative    /   Positive
Nerves /   Parasympathetic   /   Sympathetic

Planet /   Moon/     Sun

If you watch your breath you will find that it is usually flowing more in one nostril than the other. Again, if the left nostril has a greater flow of air, then ida nadi is predominant. When the flow is greater in the right nostril, then pingala is predominant. If the flow is equal, then sushumna is ruling.

When the right nostril is flowing, then vital energy is more active, allowing the individual to do physical work, digest food and so on. The mind is extroverted and the body generates more heat.

When the left nostril (ida) is flowing, mental energy is dominant, the mind is introverted, any kind of mental work; thinking concentration, etc., may be undertaken. Ida nadi also flows mainly during sleep.

The primary aim of hatha yoga is to bring about a balance of flow between the prana in ida and pingala, (ha = sun, tha = moon). 

To do this the body is purified by the six techniques known as the shatkarmas.  As per swara yoga, in a day the flow of air through the left nostril should predominate for about twelve hours and through the right nostril for the other twelve hours.

If pingala flows, the body will be restless; if ida flows, the mind will tend to think too much. In human physiology, the two nadis correspond roughly to the two halves of the autonomic nervous system - the sympathetic and parasympathetic. 

Pingala coincides with the sympathetic nerves, responsible for the stimulation and acceleration of activities concerned with the external environment and the deceleration of the organs which tend to utilize a lot of energy internally. The sympathetic nerves speed up the heart, dilate the blood vessels, increase the respiration rate, and intensify the efficiency of the eyes, ears, etc.

The parasympathetic nerves directly oppose the sympathetic nerves, for they reduce the heartbeat, constrict the blood vessels, and slow the respiration so that the individual becomes introverted. The flow of prana in ida and pingala is completely involuntary and unconscious until yogic practices control it.

A Swara yogi realizes cosmic consciousness through control and manipulation of breath

The ancient 7000 year old Sanskrit texts mention 72,000 subtle channels through which prana flows, the dominant flow of prana occurs within the ida and pingala nadis, two channels that course upwards on either side of the spine from their origin within the kanda or ‘bulb’ in the sacral plexus. 

The ida and pingala nadis relate to the activities of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the autonomic nervous system, respectively.

Surya Bhedana when breathing in through the right nostril and Chandra bhedana when breathing in through the left nostril. Breathing in takes air down to the lungs which will produce suction in the eustachian tube.
Most adults will suffer Eustachian Tube Dysfunction to some extent during their lives. Blocked ears can be painful and can temporarily impair hearing. The most common causes include colds, air travel, sinus infections and impacted earwax. There are exercises you can try to unblock your ears.

The ear comprises three main structures: the inner ear, the outer ear and the middle ear. The middle ear contains three tiny bones, known as the stirrup, the anvil and the hammer. These conduct sound from inside the eardrum to the cochlea – a fluid-filled cavity within the inner ear. 

There is also a small tube connecting the middle ear to the back of the throat. This is the Eustachian tube, which is normally closed but opens briefly when you yawn or swallow. A blocked ear usually occurs when the air pressure in the middle ear becomes negative due to a malfunctioning Eustachian tube. 

Negative pressure within the middle ear causes the ear to feel blocked and may make sounds seem muffled. This problem is most commonly caused by allergies, a head cold, sinus problems or injuries due to atmospheric pressure.

To clear eustachian tube of bad ear:-
Close nostril with finger on side of good ear
Breathe in through nostril on side of bad ear
Close nostril with finger on side of bad ear
Breathe out through nostril on side of good ear
Repeat, always breathing in on bad ear side and out through good ear side.

Use MMMMM  humming sound for Nitric Oxide effect.



To maintain this balanced flow within the nadis, Ayurveda applies a number of techniques including nasya, jala neti and nadi shodhana  Nasya, which involves the application of a few drops of a herbal oil Anu taila into each nostril, which is then inhaled into the nasal passage.

Oil has a unique property to penetrate through obstructions in the body, and in the form of nasya the oil helps to break up and loosen excess kapha or ‘phlegm’, which can then be easily expectorated.


When you meditate the inner ear spirit level must balance . You cannot tilt your hed while meditating.  The inner ear gives the cycloid spiral space curve motion.  

Let me burst a bombshell – reveal a deep ancient secret . Vedic seers used the inner ear method for bending space time. Melatonin resonates into DMT- the spirit molecule that bends space time.

The inner ear acts as a spirit level for the human body to achieve balance, Tight rope walkers walk across great heights including the Niagra falls with eyes blindfolded.  The inner ear cochlea is filled with liquid. Microscopic hairs called cilia project out into this liquid and they release a chemical neurotransmitter when stimulated.  

The cochlea looks like a small snail.  When the head moves, so does the fluids, inside the cochlea like a spirit level. A sound wave is a longitudinal wave--a series of compressions and rarefactions.. Higher the frequency, higher the perceived pitch.



SCALAR WAVES ARE LONGITUDINAL WAVES.      

SANATANA DHARMA HAS  LONGITUDINAL  SCALAR WAVES AT ITS CORE .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/beej-mantra-anuswaram-nasal-sound.html

In the Kerala system of martial arts Kalari ( basically deadly sword fighting ), as 5 year old kids we were taught by the gurikkal how to upset the spirit level of the cochlea to immobilise a stronger and heavier opponent.   

ONCE YOU UPSET THE SPIRIT LEVEL OF THE BEST FIGHTER ON THE PLANET YOU CAN DO WHAT YOU WANT TO HIM AT WELL , HAVE A CUP OF TEA BETWEEN SESSIONS OF "TOYING AROUND" WITH HIM .

Kungfu was first  taught in China by Bodhi Dharma , a Kalari expert from Kerala.

You can read about the spirit level in the post below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/bully-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


BELOW: INCENTIVE FOR READING THIS LONG POST ( 50% COMPLETE ) WANNA KNOW THE POWER OF A SPIRAL ?  YOU DONT NEED MEGA BOOSTERS.

 


 


ABOVE: BR AMBEDKARs DALIT QUOTA TEACHERS- JALDI PROMOSSAN MAANGTHA HAI !
******************************************************************************
YOGA THE ONLY COMPLETE EXERCISE, PART 2 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
YOGA BEYOND THE QUANTUM SCREEN PART 2,    FOR BODY- MIND- SPIRIT CENTERING ANCIENT YOGA DEMANDS BELLY BREATHING AND BODY GROUNDING .  


YOGA IS NOT A MERE PHYSICAL EXERCISE .




THIS POST ( PART 2 )  IS A CONTINUATION OF THE LINK BELOW-




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/01/yoga-only-complete-exercise.html


The word yoga finds its roots in Sanskrit, which means “to yoke” the body, mind and spirit  together into one by intertwining breathing practices and exercises.. Sanskrit ( Malayalam ) root  YOJ  meaning "to yoke or join together."

Hatha yoga and Raja yoga are two forms of yoga.  . Hatha yoga deals with the well-being of the physical body and includes all the asanas for body and mind benefits.    . Pranayama comes under Hatha yoga.   Ha means "sun" and tha means "moon." –this addresses Ida and Pingala.

Raja yoga deals with spirit and mind . It helps to get inner peace, meditation or dhyan, relief from stress which is the biggest problems in today’s life.

The different postures or asanas include:-
Lying postures
Sitting postures
Standing postures
Inverted, or upside down postures.


EVERY THING IN THE LIST BELOW IS SUPPPORTED BY ENOUGH SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND STATISTICS.

Body:--
Improves lung capacity
Improved immune function
Improved sexual performance
Prevents premature ejaculation.
No need for body perfume, you smell good naturally, due to profuse perspiration
Improves flexibility and joint mobility.
Increases blood circulation.
Enhances digestion.
Eliminates toxins.
Improves REM sleep.
Increased flexibility
Increased muscle strength and tone
Improved respiration, energy and vitality
The maintenance of a balanced metabolism
Weight reduction
Cardio and circulatory health
Improved athletic performance
Protection from injury
Gets body to proper alignment
Revives atrophied tissues and tendons
Improves metabolism and reduces obesity
Chronic pain disappears when entire body is toned.
Increases lean muscle.
Increases lung capacity
Reduces migraines
Boosts energy levels.
Boosts strength.
Lowers cholesterol and triglyceride levels.
Stabilises the endothelium - lining of the blood vessels
Relief from lower back pain.
Gives glowing skin
Strengthens muscles
Gradually your breathing slows down
Chest breathing becomes belly breathing
Reduces atrial fibrillation (irregular heartbeat)
Improves body posture and hence prevents back pain.
Stretches, tones and strengthens remote body muscles.
Burns visceral fat leading to weight loss.
Boosts immunity at cellular level.
Alleviates menstrual problems and cramping.
Reduces sports muscle, tendon, ligament injuries.
More powerful sexual orgasms.
Increases body awareness
Releases lactic acid buildup.
Increases range of motion in the joints.
Increases endurance
Helps develop motor skills for kids.
Improves balance.
Improves coordination.
Improves respiration
Improves circulation of blood.
Helps to prevent loss of bone density (osteoporosis).
Improves lymphatic functioning.
Helps prevent hardening of the arteries.
Improves digestion and elimination processes
Helps to detoxify the body.
Improves endocrine functioning
Improves agility.
Improves reaction time.
Improves symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome

Makes female labor shorter and easier.


Emotional:--
Reduced food cravings
Calms the nervous system for the whole day
Makes you more relaxed
Keeps you in the present .
Gives greater through control.
Increases mental clarity.
Improves concentration and focus.
Improves self-discipline.
Expands imagination and creativity.
Elevates mood and feelings of contentment.
Increases self-awareness.
Increases self-confidence.
Increases optimism.
Stress buster
Improves balance
Increases mental strength, or willpower.
Improves symptoms of neuropsychiatric disorders
Reduces symptoms of anxiety and depression.
Improves learning efficiency.
Improvements in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD).
Reduces symptoms of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
Fosters a healthier body-image.
Improves emotional control
Improves self-control for better choices .
Prevents knee jerk inappropriate reactions
Increases  positive emotions.
Decreases  negative emotions. (Fear, frustration, jealousy , worries.)
Improves the mind-body connection.
Improves relationships with others.
Decreases feelings of loneliness (senior citizens  whose children have deserted them )
Increases sense of emotional healing and well-being.
Increases ability to handle disappointment and adversity.
Increases open-mindedness.
Improves intuitive abilities.
Increases sense of community. (When yoga is practiced in a group setting.)
Makes you more conscious of your breathing.

Spiritual:--
Encourages self learning.
Stimulates the energy centers of the body.
Increases ability to manifest positive experiences in daily life.
Discovers sense of purpose or meaning in life.
Creates a sense of being more in-tune with one’s inner consciousness.
Leads to a greater sense of connectedness to others and the world.
Develops a sense of connection to a greater cosmic force
Fosters a sense of gratitude .
Leads to a sense of fulfillment.
After a while you no longer just practice yoga - you live it.
Lowers levels of adrenaline, cortisol, and catecholamines (all responses to stress.)
Improves sleep and decreases symptoms and occurrence of insomnia
Elevates brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) levels.
Improves memory
Improves speed
Keeps away anxiety
Develops intuitive powers.
Keeps you in the zone.





Below: Remember , you were born with the stars - you are as old as the sun





Long-term diabetics suffer from nerve damage due to constant high sugar levels that the body struggles to balance out. The nerve damage leads to the slowing of nerve impulses, decreased sensation, and numbness of the feet. When you follow a regular yoga schedule, your body commences responding to insulin that helps immensely in the reduction of blood glucose and it is also an excellent way to fight stress.

Marma Vidya of Shukracharya is the science of awakening the 108 marmas for yoga and healing. It involves manipulating the flow of prana in the body via yoga asana and or pressure on marma points . It is the highest stage of training within Kalari, the indigenous martial art of Kerala. .older than the Parashurama system.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/kalaripayattu-oldest-and-deadliest.html

The 108 marmas are also referred to as the  points of prana, found within the subtle body.  Marmas are also referred to as minor chakras.  Though they are identical in structure to the seven great chakras, they are found throughout the body rather than on the sushumna nadi (psychic channel) of the spine. 

An advanced Kalari Master can disable or kill his opponent merely by touching the correct Marma point. However, this is taught only to the most promising and level-headed persons to discourage the misuse of the technique.

Marma points are grouped according to the region of the body, Arms-22 points; legs-22 points (11 per lib); abdomen-3 points, chest – 9 points, back – points, head and neck- 37 points. The marma points are also grouped according to muscles – 10 points; tenders/ligaments – 23 points, Arteries – 9 points, Veins, joints – 20 points bones – 8 points. 

Traditionally marma points are grouped in to 3 categories: those on the legs and feet, (sanakha marma : on the trunk (Madhayamanga marma ): neck and head (jatrurdhara marma ).

The heart, forehead and throat are the most vulnerable areas of the body, whereas the areas on the arms and legs are less vulnerable to severe injury.   When imbalances exist in the body, the Marma points become sore, but through Marma Abhyanga therapy, balance can be restored.

Marma abhyanga not only relieves back pain, stiffness and sports injuries but also stimulates various bodily organs and systems.

Prana is a form of vital energy. Prana pervades each and every corner of the body, and it nourishes, guides and controls the functioning of the cell and systems. When these marma (junctions) are affected or ruptured, the organs linked with prana channels become starved with lack of prana and some organ becomes diseased, crippled or paralysed or depending upon the quantum is of prana being lost, it may lead to slow or sudden death.

They are classified for better understanding according to the physical components:--
 Mansa marma - muscle
Sira marma - vessels conveying body fluids and impulses
Sanyu - tendons
Asthi - bones
Sandhi - articulate points specially bone joints
The marma are also grouped on the basis of their similarities in the features particularly on the basis of vulnerability:

Sadhya Pranhara Marma:-   Sadhya means sudden or immediate. These marma are vulnerable for the loss of life immediately after injury or insult.

Kalantara Pranhara:-  Kalantara means after the lapse of some time, Pranhara means loss of life. After infliction to these marma, loss of life results gradually after some time.

Vishalyaghana:-   Vishalya means being the foreign body removed. This category of Marma is named on its surgical importance. Vishalyaghana indicated death being the foreign body removed. When injured the person survives as long the foreign body remains in place.

Vaikalyakara:-  Vilkala means deform or cripple. Along with their ability to kill, however, comes an ability to heal.  Wounded kalari fighters were nursed back to health with marma therapy. Practitioners used marma-point massage to stimulate healing in areas that corresponded to the soldier's injuries. 

If a warrior suffered a blow to the small intestines, for example, the marma point on the back of the calf, which corresponds directly with the upper intestine, would be massaged to trigger a healing flow of energy to the injury.

Eventually, Ayurvedic physicians around India learned of the technique's powers and brought kalari masters into hospitals to teach the art.  

Marma-point training is mandatory for Ayurvedic surgeons. The Kalari gurukkal personally  checks out any damage to ligaments after a training session.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWVX_4A8hb8


Yoga has NO barriers. It does NOT matter how old or young you are. It does NOT matter of you are a supreme endurance athlete or a fat couch potato.   The body uses its own weight.  The idea is to explore your limits,  not strive for some pretzel-like perfection.  

"No pain, no gain" aint the yoga way.   If it hurts, stop !.  Every ancient yoga teacher was a Ayurvedic physician too.

Below:  Shaggy wants to sing for this babe !  Who am I to stop him ?  Baby , you should have done yoga !!







http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/understanding-obesity-shedding.html


Losing fat by yoga is NO idle boast. Medical studies have been done with every sort of modern equipment.  For belly obesity medical evaluations at 3-month intervals, with subcutaneous and visceral fat were measured between the L4 and L5 vertebrae with a 16-detector helical computer topography (CT) abdominal scanner.


Stress in the body causes cortisol levels to peak and this in turn leads to lean muscle breakdown and the accumulation of fat in the abdominal region.  There are three main stress busters: sleep, slow breath rate, and exercise- with a liberal dose of relaxation in between, only yoga understand this .

Why relaxation?.

Running like a prick ( or a twat as the case may be ) on the thread mill does little.  Many people think that getting the heart rate up through jogging is a good way to lose weight.  Modern research shows that this is a misconception, and it is not a good way to lose weight at all. It can make a stressed nervous system even more exhausted, and lead to adrenal fatigue.  

Below: Uneven pace on the thread mill - gives more results .



What is much better for weight loss is getting the heart rate up for a very short burst and then dropping it right down, then getting it up and then dropping it down. This is what ancient yoga achieves..

In between bouts of Surya Namaskar you chill .  You stand still with gratitude in your heart with palms together and eyes closed for a few moments moment. Then repeat it again, perhaps this time making the pace a little faster.  Continue a few rounds like this and you will have your heart rate at an optimum level; without the tiring and jarring effects your body gets from jogging.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/surya-namaskar-11000-year-old-vedic-sun.html

The above post is the most read in my blogsite-- almost all foreigners.



Many people have food matter (meat ) blocked up in their colon. This makes them bloated and it makes them feel like a piece of sh#t. . They fart like mad.  Severe bloating can appear as obesity.   Eventually if left untreated it can poison the blood and leads to disease. 




It is better to be a vegetarian when you do yoga, and better to have an empty stomach . Ancient Ayurveda says that  ‘disease begins in the gut.’  Some people who consume a lot of rare beef steaks struggle with a constipated colon . They should NOT do any inversions for this reason, because the putrefied blood will rush to the higher organs and it will disturb the mind.  

There can be women who look slim but whose abdominal cavity is densely padded with unhealthy visceral fat.   Fat cells that accumulate around the organs in the abdomen are much more active than the ones found in subcutaneous fat. They secrete molecules that cause inflammation. 

There is a correlation between systemic inflammation and heart disease, diabetes and atherosclerosis, which means that more visceral fat increases our risk to develop these diseases. - 30 minutes of daily yoga routine, visceral fat disappears twice as fast as subcutaneous fat. 



Body heat to burn fat is achieved by drawing the chin towards the chest in forward bends, thereby lengthening the femoral nerve and the spinal nerves as in Surya Namaskar.  This heat burns up and purifies visceral (deep) fat and subcutaneous (superficial) fat.

This sun salutation has been devised by seers--NOT pea brained modern gym coaches who have muscle between their ears . These coaches need to look inside their tiffin box to check out if they are coming or going. It is ridiculous to see these CHOOTS talk TECHIE on youtube--  mind you, this breed includes some " English Literature graduate Gurus ". 

If the body is too acidic (low pH), then the body will attempt to protect itself from the acid by storing fat and using it as a buffer.   This is extremely dangerous because the visceral fat (the kind inside the organs and blood vesicles) accumulates within the veins and arteries, narrowing the passage available for the blood and gradually obstructs the activity of the blood vessels.  



As a result, the heart is forced to overwork just to maintain the blood circulation.  If this continues to happen then the heart gets exhausted and a heart attack occurs.  This is known as arteriosclerosis. So the pH balance of the body is extremely important. The ideal pH balance is about 7.35. And most people struggling with their weight are too acidic.



Above: On Chemical tankers we are experts on pH.   I used to carry my own pH paper strips ( like the vampire at the tea party )  .  There have been pretenders who destroyed the ship in one single voyage.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/ph-chemical-tankers-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

People in modern offices stare at computer screens for long hours.  Some of these offices do NOT even have windows to allow natural light in ( flouting the laws of the land ) .They often feel rushed to meet deadlines and busy schedules. They breathe stale, central air-conditioned air instead of fresh, clean, oxygen-rich air.

If the nervous system is under stress then it will set of a chain reaction in the rest of the body. The body needs to be relaxed and soothed. This requires  finding the right balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system, which only yoga can deliver . 


Digression:  I spAketh  about a vampire at the tea party.   

Well, all the vampires decided to hold a party. There was this huge cauldron of tea ( blood ) boiling. All vampires were dancing around the pot, conversing, exchanging notes- generally having huge fun. 

But one “non-conformist “ vampire was late.  All were discussing why this guy always has to be the odd man out , and be different from the others.  

Finally after a decent delay, this tardy vampire saunters in and sits on a chair.  He asks for HOT WATER, instead of having the tea ( blood ) . This pissed off all them vampires.  

They put off the music and confronted him. First of all you come late, now you want water instead of tea ( blood ) ? What the fu#k is wrong with you, pray ? 

prithee ??

This nonconformist takes out a red coloured tea bag and lisps “ I brought mE own tea bag “




TEE HEEEEEEEEE !!

########################################################

One of my readers has just asked me about Progressive Supranuclear Palsy ( PSP ).  Western medicine does NOT know the reason or the cure for this disease yet.  Infected meat ( Mad cow ) and hyperventilation are major reasons.

WHAT FOLLOWS IN YELLOW IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING THE DENIZENS OF THIS PLANET WILL EVER READ IN THEIR ENTIRE LIVES  . 

PASS IT ON . 

KICK THE FAKE GURUS WHO HAVE PATENTED HYPERVENTILATION  .

I MUST NOW TELL THIS  PLANET ABOUT FAKE GURUS ( WHO HAVE HUNDREDS OF BRANCHES IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES ) TEACHING PATENTED HYPERVENTILATION AND PASSING IT OFF AS YOGA .  THIS GENERATES PROFITS FOR EVIL PHARMA .

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL REPEATS AGAIN,  HYPERVENTILATION IS NOT ALLOWED IN YOGA . 

YOGA HAS SHUNNED HYPERVENTILATION , AND HAS USED BHASTRIKA PRANAYAMA ONLY TO SHIFT THE DOMINANT NOSTRIL ( IDA/ PINGALA )  FOR A FEW SECONDS.

I WANT MY READERS TO FLOOD THE INTERNET WITH THE PARAS WHICH FOLLOWS AND ALSO PUT IT IN MODIs, SWAMYs, AND HEALTH MINISTERs WEBSITES.  

I WANT MY WESTERN READERS ( WHOM I BOLLOCK DAILY - SEE I AM A LIBRAN  ) TO KNOW—YOU MUST START DOING DEEP DIAPHRAGMATIC YOGIC BREATHING , TO SAVE YOUR RACE FROM FUTURE BRAIN DEGENERATIVE DISEASES LIKE ALHZIEMERs AND VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE.  

YOUR WESTERN RACE WAS LET DOWN BY TWO R STOOGES REAGAN AND THATCHER  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html

Human brain cells degenerate and die when you do hyperventilation. This is irreversible.

Protect yourself against chest breathing, mouth breathing ( sleep apnea etc ) and hyperventilation.   

Never join a yoga class where they teach hyperventilation and this is against the tenets and basic principle of Yoga.  

6000 year old Ayurveda shuns hyperventilation and chest breathing.  I am from Kerala, the land of Ayurveda.  Kundalini is raised by yogic breathing.

Brain diseases (or disorders of the central nervous system - CNS) are possible only in conditions of chronic hyperventilation, chest breathing and mouth breathing.   

White people have  brain degeneration because you ate infected meat and you NEVER EVER knew the meaning of belly breathing.   

People lived on this planet and passed away doing chest breathing , their whole lives . 

Ancient Indian Yoga does NOT allow this.

Low oxygen levels in brain cells have a HUGE negative effect on function of nerve cells of the CNS.  

Brain hypoxia leads to anaerobic cellular respiration, generation of lactic acid and free radicals, acidic pH cellular environment, chronic inflammation, inability of the immune system to heal injuries and many other negative effects- and this forms tumors.  

The EVIL PHARMA is NOT gonna tell you all this. 

Rather they have employed some FAKE Indian gurus to teach you chest breathing and hyperventilation.

Yes the same EVIL forces who tell you that GM foods is good and HFCS in soft drinks which give you fatty liver is healthy , and safe enough for babies instead of mother’s milk.

Over 95% of white race  have abnormally low brain O2 and CO2 levels  round the clock due to to chronic over breathing.  

Most brain diseases are characterized by chronic hyperventilation, there are additional effects due to low CO2 levels in the CNS.  

As a ship Captain who commanded Chemical tankers, I know the effects of Oxygen, Nitrogen, Carbob Dioxide etc on  the brain.

Hypocapnia is devastating since CO2 is a powerful relaxant or stabilizer of the nerve cells. Hyperventilation leads to "spontaneous and asynchronous firing of neurons".  

This is why white people have panic attacks, seizures, sleeping problems, anxiety breathing disorders, depression, bipolar disorder, senile dementia, Parkinson, Alzheimer disease, anxiety, panic phobia, depression, migraine, and idiopathic seizures.  

You bodies are polluted with toxic medicines with side effects.  

Anything which EVIL PHARMA does NOT know is termed genetic disease. They send their agents to deep Indian jungles and use our tribals ( with unpolluted bodies ) as lab rats. 

These conscious brain tests cannot be done on lab rats or animals. Only human beings can see in colour or can see themselves in the mirror ( leaving aside a handful of animals like chimps, dolphins , elephants etc )


Hyperventilation and abnormal electrical signals in the brain take place simultaneously.  Chest breathing results in drastic reduction of blood oxygenation since lower parts of the lungs get more than 7  times richer blood supply.  

Adverse  biochemical and immune effects of mouth/ chest breathing are too numerous and too shocking to even expound .



Below : The way to breathe while living on this planet-- teach your children - tell your sons NOT to hold the stomach IN, just to impress ze girls with a flat tummy.  If ALL breathes this way EVIL PHARMA will soon have to shut shop  .



######################################################


Reiki originated in India. It has to do everything with earths frequency of OM (  7.83 hertz ) the ALPHA brain wave , and the Schumann resonance.  

Jesus Christ was in Kodungallur University for 3 tears learning meditation, Reiki , astrology and Ayurveda.  

My wife is one step above the level of Reiki grandmaster .  My elder son half way across the globe has never ever used pain killers when he was in pain.  He just telephoned his mother and got INSTANT relief. 

We have pet cats at home and I know how they come to my wife and plonks on  her feet when the want relief from pain. They get off on their own time table .

Reiki waves are scalar waves from human DNA transducer , which travel faster than light.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/06/alpha-state-and-earths-heartbeat-of-783.html

Everybody ridicules Hinduism, but all have quietly copied OM.

Hindusim ( timeless – Vedas by oral route 30,000 years ago and written down 7000 years ago )- OM
Judasim ( 3000 years old – founder disgraced Namboodiries from Kerala ) - SHALOM
Christianity ( 2000 years old – founder Jesus who studied in Kerala  )- AMEN

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/brahma-and-sarawati-abraham-and-sara.html

Islam ( 1300 years old = founded by a a ‘PAGAN’ namboodiri Muhammad ) – 786 , write OM symbol on paper  , show in mirror and  read from right to left )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/vedic-practises-in-mecca-ajit-vadakayil.html

When a receiver and practitioner goes into an alpha sate, the state of meditation and relaxation, the brain waves of both become synchronized.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/reiki-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

In this state they are in resonance with the earth’s frequency . Both receiver and practitioner pulse during an alpha state in union with the Schuman Resonance.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/om-aum-sound-of-zpf-cymatics-sound-of.html


The bio magnetic field of Practitioner’s hands that he is using to transfer energy to receiver often enhanced more than 1000 times as compared to normal range.

Reiki practitioner than contain and move these frequencies to a more stable range of 7 to 8 Hz, at which the receiver goes into meditation and relaxation mode ( ALPHA state ) .

Reiki is as effective as any other self healing procedure.

More than 900 hospitals in United States are now using Reiki as an established way to relieve pain
Modern studies in US and European hae given statistics that Reiki reduced pain of patients by 79 %, improved their sleep by 87 %, decreased anxiety in pregnant women by 96% and reduced nausea by 82 %.

Reiki played a major role in reducing side effects of radiation, chemotherapy and other intensive medical procedures. It also helps patients in faster healing, relieves stress, less pain, improves diet and improves mental attitude.

 Reiki has amazing effects on plants . Different sets of plants were used out of which plants that were treated by Reiki showed better results in growth.

Reiki effects behavior of animals.  Animals love healers . Reiki healers are channels . Today you can see healing scalar waves using a Kirlean camera.




In ancient India only healers , who could emit scalar healing waves could become Gurus. Ever since Vivekananda started wearing his saffron robes , even atheists like Agnivesh calls himself SWAMI and fools the public.  

As soon as these FAKE people wear a robe, grow long hair and a long beard ( even dyed ) they call themselves SEERS .


People at the age of 60 know that their body is NOT flexible anymore. This would have never ever happened if they had done yoga at least twice every week in their past .  Health is wealth. All the money in your bank is NO use unless your health is good.  It is NOT too late—for yoga admits people of all ages, with various conditions .

Even if you struggle with conditions such as arthritis, osteoporosis, multiple sclerosis (MS), or chronic back pain that limits your mobility, there are exercises that can help.  Yoga is a mortal enemy of inactivity which causes certain muscles and tendons to  become weaker , thus causing pain and stiffness.

The yoga teacher can guide them to a good start. Within a few weeks you can expect to gain flexibility in your hamstrings, back, shoulders, and hips.  As we age, flexibility naturally decreases, which leads to pain and immobility. Yoga can ameliorate this irreversible process. 

Yoga teachers offer routines specifically designed for certain conditions, such as arthritis or back pain, so you can look for a program that fits your specific needs. This why a good guru is a must. He has the experience to know your condition. 

सह नौ भुनक्तु ।
सह वीर्यं करवावहै ।
तेजस्वि नावधीतमस्तु मा विद्विषावहै ।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ॥

Om Saha Nau-Avatu |
Saha Nau Bhunaktu |
Saha Viiryam Karavaavahai |
Tejasvi Nau-Adhiitam-Astu Maa Vidvissaavahai |
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||

Meaning:
1: Om, may God protect us both (the teacher and the student),
2: May God nourish us both,
3: May we work together with energy and vigour,
4: May our study be enlightening and not give rise to hostility,
5: OM, Peace, Peace, Peace.

I recited this 7000 year old Sanskrit prayer every morning 

assembly in my school days (Kendriya Vidyalaya ) 



Below: Correct pronunciation 


I RECITED ABOVE SHANTI MANTRA  3 YEARS AGO, WHEN I ATTENDED MY OLD SCHOOL REUNION 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/old-alumni-meet-kendriya-vidyalaya-no-1.html

YOGA DOES NOT WORK,  IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SENSE OF GRATITUDE - THIS IS WHY SANSKRIT MANTRAS ARE RECITED BEFORE AND AFTER YOGA 







There is a new disease on the block. Too many people now suffer from back pain by sitting for long hours at a computer, which can cause tightness and spinal compression.  Yoga  introduces you to meditation techniques, while sitting in front of your computer , such as watching the breath and how to disengage from your thoughts.

Yoga teaches you NOT to piss on the present – because you are addicted to staring at the rear view mirror of life. Yoga allows you only darting glances at this rear view mirror , only to draw lessons. You will ALWAYS leave a yoga class feeling less stressed than when you started.


EVIL PHARMA is sabotaging yoga by selling insulated yoga rubber mats.  

Yoga requires you to be grounded to mother earth.  

Earth's electrons are the ultimate antioxidants, acting as powerful anti-inflammatories.  Ideally you should be in  direct contact with the Earth, rather than separated from it by a rubber mat.   If this is impossible walk on wet green grass immediately after the session.


Below: You ( the soul ) cannot survive in a body devoid of electricity.


When I go for a twilight morning walk with my wife,  she sits on green grass for 20 minutes leaning against a huge ancient tree, facing the rising sun.   I have never asked her what transpires between her and the tree during this grounding time.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/quantum-plant-tulsi-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


Your body is capable of generating electricity. Electricity allows your nervous system to send signals to your brain.   These signals are actually electrical charges that are delivered from cell to cell, allowing for nearly instantaneous communication.

The messages conducted via electrical signals in your body are responsible for controlling the rhythm of your heartbeat, the movement of blood around your body, and much more.

Your biological clock even uses electrical activity in order to help keep your circadian rhythms in order.  You are, quite simply, an electrical being.   If electrical activity stops in your body, you cannot survive. 






Your cells generate electrical charges via electrolytes like sodium and potassium using a mechanism known as the "sodium-potassium gate."

"When your body needs to send a message from one point to another, it opens the gate. When the membrane gate opens, sodium and potassium ions move freely into and out of the cell.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/dynamics-within-human-cell-what.html





CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL IS AN EXPERT ON STATIC ELECTRICITY -  very few people on this planet have his type of exposure .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/static-electricity-on-chemical-tankers.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/healing-by-increasing-cell-voltage-capt.html



The Spiriual ScientistJanuary 21, 2015 at 3:12 PM
Captain,
I want to share you something.
Please see the last paragraph of page-33 here: http://www.vivekananda.net/PDFBooks/ConversationsTuriyananda.pdf
He says"I firmly believe that if I
made the attempt I could get back my youth."
Please give light on this statement.
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 21, 2015 at 3:26 PM
hi tss,

these are secrets of yoga.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/cellular-memory-complete-healing-capt.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..






Below: Grounding helps thin your blood by improving its zeta potential, which means it improves the energy between your red blood cells.  

It takes about 75 minutes for the free electrons from the earth to reach your bloodstream and transform your blood.  Hypercoagulable (thick, slow-moving) blood contributes to chronic inflammation, because when your blood does not flow well, oxygen can’t get to your tissues.  Grounding’s effect on blood thinning is clear and real.



Colloids are held in suspension via a very slight negative electrical charge on the surface of each particle. Like charges repel each other.  This charge is called zeta potential.  Blood is a colloidal solution, and all blood cells have a slight negative charge.

Zeta potential is a measure of the electrical force that exists between atoms, molecules, particles, and cells in a fluid.  Zeta potential's strength determines the amount of material (nutrients, wastes) that fluids such as your blood and lymph can carry.   

Increasing the electrical force in the solution allows the fluid to dissolve and hold more material.   In this way, more nutrients can be carried throughout your body and accumulated deposits of waste can be removed.



When the zeta potential is too low, blood begins to coagulate. This is a condition known as intravascular coagulation.  Blood becomes a sludge that is increasingly difficult for the heart to pump, and decreasingly effective at performing the usual functions of blood.  

"Blood sludge" is widespread in the population (more than half the population will die from heart problems). Blood is in constant motion at constant temperature and the pH of blood is fixed at 7.35 to 7.4, but its concentration of electrolytes is not fixed, and the electrolytes directly affect the zeta potential.



Below:  Suryanamaskar must be done in bare feet on bare ground with bare chest . The soles of most modern Nike type shoes are made from synthetic materials that can isolate your feet and body from the Earth.  EVIL PHARMA wants you to wear these modern shoes.



When you walk barefoot on the Earth, there's a transfer of free electrons from the Earth into your body that spread throughout your tissues. The effect is sufficient to maintain your body at the same negatively-charged electrical potential as the Earth. This simple process is called 'grounding.'

The Earth carries an enormous negative charge. It’s always electron-rich and can serve as a powerful and abundant supply of antioxidant and free-radical-busting electrons.   Your body is finely tuned to “work” with the Earth in the sense that there’s a constant flow of energy between your body and the Earth.   When you put your feet on the ground, you absorb large amounts of negative electrons through the soles of your feet.   

The effect is sufficient to maintain your body at the same negatively charged electrical potential as the Earth.   This simple process is called “grounding” or “earthing,” and its effect is one of the most potent antioxidants we know of.  Grounding relieves pain, reduce inflammation, improve sleep, enhance wellbeing, and much, much more. 

When you wear rubber- or plastic-soled shoes, however, you are effectively shielding yourself from this beneficial influx of electrons from the Earth.

Below: Mata Amritanandamayi has hugged more than 33 million people -- basically GROUNDING and CENTERING 











Below: Grounding is good for REM sleep.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html













Below:  Thermographic imaging, shows a heat map of the body. Heat patterns  signal inflammation in the body.




Below: Tour de France, athletes including Lance Armstrong used an earthing recovery bag to speed recovery and increase sleep quality while on this endurance race.  



An earthing mat can be used under your arms or feet while on a computer to reduce the amount of EMFs you are exposed to.







As long as the Zeta Potential (ZP) of the system remains constant, the fluidity (viscosity) of the system will also remain constant.   But if the ZP of the system is progressively lowered by the introduction of cationic electrolytes or polyelectrolytes, then the stability of the system will undergo progressive changes - from simple agglomeration to fluid gel formation - and finally to a rigid gel. 

The minerals MUST be taken with the water in order to be effective, because intravascular coagulation is also related to insufficient water intake. Potassium works better than sodium to reduce intravascular coagulation, in fact too much sodium in the diet is part of the problem.

To increase your zeta potential you must avoid aluminum. Aluminum is used in water treatment plants to cause materials to settle out of solution. It does this by reducing the zeta potential. 

Below: Too much Aluminium makes you an IDIOT-- nay-- a CHOOT !



In your body aluminum does the same thing, causing coagulation of your blood, and deposits and plaques in your arteries, brain and throughout your body. Aluminum is found in municipally treated water, cooking utensils, vaccinations, non-clumping  salt and baking powder, antiperspirants, antacids, drugs (read the label carefully), soft drinks and other canned goods where the plastic liner has cracked during sealing, and in other unexpected places.

Better to have your beer from bottles . Aluminum is a known neurotoxin that has been linked to Alzheimer’s disease in many studies.   Hilly Billy Yanks did NOT have the Alzheimer’s  epidemic before the advent of soft drink  aluminum cans. Aluminum  induces neurochemical changes. 

Abnormal accumulation of aluminum has been found in at least four sites in the AD-affected brain.
Aluminum leached into food and accumulates in the body, it can lead to osteoporosis .

One of the most common signs of excessive aluminum accumulation is hypercalcemia or high calcium levels in the blood.   Calcium plays an important role in contracting muscles, releasing hormones and ensuring that your nerves and brain function properly.  High calcium levels, however, can interfere with these processes.

People who have kidney disease store a lot of aluminum in their bodies.  The kidney disease causes less aluminum to be removed from the body in the urine.   Aluminium foil is only for cold foods--not for grilling etc --as leached aluminium will make food toxic.   Foil can be used to retain heat of cooked food.



Aluminium toxicity causes – constipation, colic, loss of appetite, nausea, skin ailments, twitching of leg muscles, excessive perspiration, loss of energy, irritability  and poor memory, slow learning ability, osteoporosis , weak muscles, seizures, and fits.

Aluminium is commonly found in:-

Tap water where aluminium sulfate is used in the water purification process and not all of the aluminium is filtered out.
table salt to prevent caking,
deodorants,
baking powder,
bleaching agent to whiten flour.

Whether we suspect aluminium toxicity or not, we should all discontinue the use of aluminium cookware and avoid it wherever possible.



Above : Aluminium caused NAXALITE TERRORISM in India ..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/bauxite-mining-naxalite-menace-joshua.html


Alzheimer's Disease came along after Hilly Billy Yanks people started using aluminum cookware.

Many water treatment facilities commonly use quantities of aluminum (alum) as a standard procedure, for removing sediment when treating the drinking water supply just prior to fluoridation.   Fluoridated water activates dormant aluminum.  This is the reason why most Yanks are NOT SO BRIGHT 



When the human body is electrically grounded to the earth, random static charges and foreign electromagnetic fields immediately bleed off into the earth. 

Below: Free radicals are unbalanced molecules that are missing an electron—these molecules wrench away electrons from the outer orbits of other stable molecules- causing a cascade effect. . The effects from free radicals can be explained in terms of rapid and violent reactions occurring as electrical charges are redistributed amongst the reacting molecules.  When grounded to the Earth, there is a transfer of free electrons into your body from the Earth itself.




The earth's surface has a negative electrical charge which becomes a constant source of free electrons for our body.  These free electrons neutralize the positively charged free radicals that are largely responsible for the present epidemic of inflammation and inflammatory diseases.

Below: Now you get the drift why EVIL PHARMA is aggressively marketing INSULATED yoga mats.



The negative electrical charge that the body attains when electrically grounded to the earth is exactly what is needed to raise zeta potential to its optimal level.



In a modern study by cardiologists/  electrophysiologists found that 40 minutes of Earthing raised zeta potential of the blood by 270%, restoring the zeta potential to its natural level..


Hypercoagulable (thick, slow-moving) blood contributes to chronic inflammation, because when your blood does not flow well, oxygen can't get to your tissues. 



Walking barefoot can help ameliorate the constant assault of electromagnetic fields and other types of radiation from cell phones, computers, and Wi-Fi.  Grounding facilitates the formation of structured water in your body.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/living-water-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Grounding also calms your sympathetic nervous system, which supports your heart rate variability- this in turn promotes homeostasis, or balance, in your autonomic nervous system. Wearing leather-soled shoes will allow you to stay grounded with the Earth, as will walking barefoot.

The following surfaces will NOT ground you:--
Asphalt
Wood
Rubber and plastic
Vinyl
Tar or tarmac

Earthing is the best practice, and that consuming antioxidants is “definitely a drop in the bucket compared to what earthing by mother earth can do.    The free radicals that we build up throughout the day are positively charged, and the surface of the Earth is negatively charged.  

We get our vitamin D from the sun and our oxygen from the trees, and our  healing negative electrons from the ground


OTHER HEALTH BENEFITS BEHIND EARTHING:
Reduces inflammation.
Improves REM sleep.
Lowers stress by reducing stress hormones
Normalizes biological rhythms including circadian rhythm
Improves blood pressure and blood flow
Relieves muscle tension and headache
Lessens menstrual and female hormone symptoms
Speeds healing of bed sores
Can eliminate jet lag
Shortens recovery time from athletic injury
Weight loss

Below:   8000 year old Yoga   -  alternate nostril deep diaphragmatic breathing







Below: EEG activity is produced by a neural reflex mechanism in the superior nasal meatus. Your conscious attention watches the swinging gate of breath and selects the cohering rhythm to align your bio-system.  

The nasal cycle is regulated by the sympathetic and parasympathetic branches of the ANS. Unilateral sympathetic dominance produces vasoconstriction and decongestion in one nare, while a simultaneous parasympathetic dominance exists in the other, producing a vasodilation and congestion of that nare, thereby reducing airflow. 

Hypothalamus directly influences the sympathetic innervation of the nasal mucosa. A lateralized vasoconstriction on one side of the brain and the relative dilation of blood vessels on the other causes the central mechanism to regulate the alternating dominance of the cerebral hemispheres.





Modern science scoffed at ancient Yoga .  Then one fine day they invented EEG and were surprised to see that ancient Indian scriptures on Ida/ Pingala alternate nostril breathing were 100% right.

A double slit experiment proved that CONSCIOUSNESS mentioned in our 7000 year old Vedas and Upanishads were 100% right.   

The shell shocked German Quantum scientists discarded their Bibles in the nearest dustbin  and started reading Bhagavad Gita. 

They wrote down in their wills that they want to be cremated and NOT buried. This is what happens when truth dawns. 



We move and live within a vast spectrum of electromagnetic vibrations that continually communicate with our life structure. All of the planets and most of their moons have fundamental frequencies, which align exactly within our spectrum of prominent brain-wave rhythms. 

The body reverberates with the wind of electromagnetic Light; every cell listens to the drumbeat and sings its own unique chord, inducing resonant vibrations throughout the quivering cellular molecules.  
People who POOH POOH astrology devised by ancient 12 strand DNA Maharishis are pathetic morons--nay-- CHOOTS.



Schizophrenia is associated with greater left cerebral hemisphere dysfunction and depression and other affective disorders are associated with greater right hemisphere dysfunction.  

Greater EEG amplitudes of one brain hemisphere correspond to predominant airflow in the opposite nostril. The nasal cycle is known to be regulated by the sympathetic and parasympathetic branches of the autonomic nervous system (ANS).  

Forced nostril breathing in one nostril produces a relative increase in the EEG amplitude in the opposite hemisphere.   



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/dvau-bhuja-karanam-thoppu-karanam-itham.html

EEG experiments have provided fool proof evidence for rhythms of alternating cerebral cortical activity during sleep, which are coupled to the phases of REM (rapid eye movement) and non REM sleep cycles.  

This rhythm of the Central Nervous System (CNS) demonstrates a tight coupling of the brain to the nasal cycle, where greater EEG amplitudes correspond to enhanced airflow in the opposite nostril.

This is why people who breathe through the mouth do NOT have REM sleep and are NOT SO BRIGHT.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html


7000 year old yogic literature describes alternating breathing rhythm ( Ida/ Pingala ) with suggested period alignment with the external planetary and cosmic cycles.







Enhanced cognitive performance was correlated with forced breathing through the opposite nostril, and forced nostril breathing exercises produce a shift in the dominance of the EEG amplitudes in the two hemispheres. Forced nostril breathing can alter  cerebral activity. Increased EEG amplitudes proved  enhanced mental activity.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/fathers-of-surgery-and-medicine-4200-bc.html 


Below: Yoga does ISOMETRIC exercise - without need of any equipment- by using body weight alone . 

The guy in the video below is using a BULLWORKER.. 

I bought one in Odessa in 1975 for 10 roubles . It is still as good as new , and I still use it .  

Isometric exercise gives BRUTE STRENGTH -- Yoga was the first to introduce isometric exercise to this planet  . 

Ek Baar Bruce Lee ko pakad liya-- bass uska guarantee kalassss !           



Below: Yoga includess ISOTONIC exercise also so that contractile proteins are addressed
 .




Isometric and isotonic exercises both build muscle.  The difference is that isotonic exercises involve contracting muscles while moving the joints around.  Isometric exercises involve contracting the muscles while keeping the joints still.  You can find examples of both in yoga, 




Each of the yoga poses is built to reinforce the muscles around the spine,  which is the core from which everything else operates. When the core is working properly, posture is improved, thus alleviating back, shoulder and neck pain.



Yoga asanas stretch and hold-  it causes  muscles to lengthen,  which gives the body a longer, leaner look.  Muscles are challenged as the mind and body have to work together simultaneously to hold a position or continue a succession without giving up.  Breathing, posing, moving and increasing flexibility happen all together at one time, which solicits a new level of discipline in your mind and body.



Isometric exercises are one of the best ways to build core strength.  Isometric, stemming from the words “same” and “length,” simply translates to holding one position without moving.  Power yoga uses isometric exercises along with other postures that are designed to make the core and back stronger. Flexibility and balance stem from your core, so it is very important to train this area of the body. 



An isometric exercise involves static contraction of a muscle without any visible movement in the angle of the joint.  The length of the muscle and the angle of the joint do not change, though contraction strength may be varied.  

Isometric exercise or isometrics are a type of strength training in which the joint angle and muscle length do not change during contraction .   Isometrics are done in static positions, rather than being dynamic through a range of motion.  

In an overcoming isometric, the joint and muscle work against an immovable object. In contrast, in a yielding isometric, the joint and muscle are held in a static position while opposed by resistance.



This is in contrast to isotonic contractions, in which the contraction strength does not change, though the muscle length and joint angle do. 

An isotonic contraction is one in which the muscle maintains the same tension as it shortens. 

Suryanamaskar is isotonic .



 Isotonic contractions come in two varieties: concentric and eccentric. In a concentric contraction, the muscle shortens when its tension is greater than the force opposing it, such as your biceps does when performing an arm curl.  In an eccentric contraction, the force is greater than the muscle tension, causing the muscle to elongate; this happens when going down stairs or sitting down in a chair, as the effects of gravity add to the opposing force.



Isometric exercise can be done anywhere using your own body weight.  NASA has researched the use of Yoga ( STATIONARY isometrics plus MOVING isotonics ) in preventing muscle atrophy experienced by astronauts as a result of living in a zero gravity environment. Contractile proteins are what cause muscles to contract and give them their physical strength . 

Two types of protein in your muscles, actin and myosin, contribute to the basic mechanisms of isotonic contraction.   During this type of contraction, thick strands of myosin and thin strands of actin slide over each other, producing shortening in each individual muscle cell and the muscle as a whole.

During isometric contraction, your muscles keep their normal length rather than shortening or lengthening.   An example of this kind of contraction occurs when you hold a weight in front of your body in a fixed position. Without your resistance, the weight would drive your arms and hands downward. 



Each posture, or asana, is held for a period of time and synchronised with the breath. Generally, a yoga session begins with gentle asanas and works up to the more vigorous or challenging postures. A full yoga session should exercise every part of the body and should include pranayama (breath control practices), relaxation and meditation




Osteoporosis – a condition characterized by weak, thinning bones that can lead to serious fractures.  . 



 By practising just 10 minutes of yoga daily, participants with osteopenia (the precursor to osteoporosis) built their bone density back up into the normal range, while several participants with osteoporosis improved enough to be re-classified as having the milder osteopenia.





Yoga helps every which way. When all is lost yoga is the answer. From helping cancer patients recover from chemotherapy, to helping arthritis sufferers regain mobility in their joints, it can provide symptom relief when nothing else seems to work.

Below : Suryanamaskar was designed to maintain  calcium balance and strengthen your bones.  Suryanamaskar is done in early morning sun . The UV rays falling on your skin at this time are  beneficial in building Vitamin D.



Calcium is required for making healthy bones.  Calcium cannot be made by the body. The body gets the calcium it needs through the food you eat. If you do not get enough calcium in your diet or if your body does not absorb enough, your bones can get weak or not grow properly. Vitamin D helps your body absorb calcium endogenously , when ultraviolet rays from sunlight strike the skin and trigger vitamin D synthesis.






Vitamin D promotes calcium absorption in the gut and maintains adequate serum calcium and phosphate concentrations to enable normal mineralization of bone .  Without sufficient vitamin D, bones can become thin, brittle, or misshapen.  

In addition to its well-known involvement in calcium balance and bone metabolism, vitamin D has a number of other physiological roles, including maintaining muscle strength, modulating immune function, and regulating blood pressure.

Vitamin D functions to help regulate cellular differentiation, the biological process by which cells become specialized for a specific function.  Due to these physiological functions, vitamin D has been implicated in protection against muscle pain and weakness, certain autoimmune diseases, hypertension, and even some forms of cancer.

Remember, your skin makes vitamin D from the ultra-violet light (UVB rays) in sunlight.  Your body is able to store the vitamin and use it later.   



Yoga poses are meant to train the body to be healthy and supple. Consistent practice and application will result in improved posture, and an increased sense of balance, with head, shoulders and pelvis in proper alignment. 


Additionally, unlike many other forms of exercise, yoga helps stretch and strengthens both sides of the body equally.


Proper body alignment and good posture, which helps maintain the natural curvature of the spine, is an important part of reducing or avoiding lower back pain.



Awareness of the body through yoga increases with practice. In theory, specific positioning and repositioning not only limbers the body, but also trains people to understand the limitations of their body. 





An increased awareness acts as a preventative measure, in that the individual will know what types of motions should and should not be avoided.



Back pain is associated with the way our bones, muscles and ligaments in our backs work together.


The classical definition of Yoga as a discipline to control the whirlpools of the subconscious The Patanjala Yoga Sutra consists of short succinct Sutras that run together as if they were making up a garland of pearls on a string. 

The Sutras were always kept short as they were intended to be learnt, memorized. Patanjali has arranged all the Sutras in a deductive and logical manner with numerous cross references to various important concepts such as the Kleshas, Karma, Antaraaya, Siddhis and Gunas etc.

Patanjali deals with the concept of Samadhi classifying it into numerous levels and sublevels. The lower state of Samprajnata (that which is obtained   through cognitive thought) is sub-classified into four levels in 1.17 as:
• Vitarka - obtained with deep contemplation on gross thought
• Vichara - obtained with deep contemplation on subtle thought
• Ananda - obtained with deep contemplation on inner eternal bliss
• Asmita - obtained with deep contemplation on ‘that’ which defines one’s   individuality from the universality.

The ancient Indian method of school ( gurukul )is different from the Western method.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/shravana-manana-nididhyasana-way-of.html

The concept of the Divine is dealt with by Patanjali in verses 1.24-1.26 where he stresses the importance of the Pranava and its Japa. The Pranava  OM ( AUM ) is the first and foremost of all Hindu mantras. 

Mantra is the sound body of consciousness. OM is considered as the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself. The spiritual efficacy of Om is heard, not by the ears but by the heart ( 7.83 hertz )

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/om-aum-sound-of-zpf-cymatics-sound-of.html

Patanjali says “tasya vachahah pranava” – the vibrational sound of the Divine is the Pranava (1.27).
The Pranava consists of the three sacred sounds (Nada) that may be expressed as:
• The Akara Nada– the AAA sound representing creation 
• The Ukara Nada – the OOO / UUU sound representing sustenance and
• The Makara Nada – the MMM sound representing dissolution.

OM has been lifted by every other religion. 

Cant blame them for everything happened at Kodungallur. Judasim ( SHALOM ) was founded by disgraced Namboodiris.  Jesus ( AMEN ) studied in Kodungallur university. The Koran ( 786 ) was edited at Cheraman Perumal mosque in Kodungallur. 

Today Kodungallur temple ( ancient university )is a whorehouse – denigrated with FOUL SEXUAL ABUSE by the white invader.  

The present BJP govt under PM Narendra Modi has been informed about it several times, by this blogsite and its readers —but nothing has happened.  



Narendra Modi seems to be a Hindu only when he shamelessly begs for Hindu votes.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html





ALL THIS MAN ABOVE HAS TO DO IS TO COME ON TV AND UTTER ONE SINGLE SENTENCE - BUT HE WILL NOT DO IT.





"STOP THIS NONSENSE GOING ON IN THE WORLDs OLDEST HINDU SHIVA-SHAKTI TEMPLE AT KODUNGALLUR".



ISRAEL DARLING NARENDRA MODI , LISTEN - AND LISTEN GOOD--  

WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO HAND OVER THE WATER RESOURCES OF INDIA TO ROTHSCHILD,   BY YOUR ISRAELI RIVER INTERLINKING PLAN . 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html



Hindu temples have been desecrated beyond recognition by the white invader and his FAKE Hindu mutts.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html

I ASK   -  IS THIS VEGETARIAN SANATANA DHARMA ?










APCO BRANDED AND ZIONIST DARLING , Narendra Modi promised to give dignity back to Hindus after 800 years of humiliation , as a poll plank  - we are still waiting !   

I do hope Modi understands the meaning of dignity  .  



All we can see BJP doing is to fight daily with Muslims , for vote banks polarization ,  and  Narendra Modi praising people who have insulted Hinduism every day of their adult lives, again for votes  .

LET ME WASH MY HANDS , MUST GET RID OF DIRT --

Getting back-


Patanjali details the four-fold external manifestations of these internal obstacles (1.31) as:
- Duhkha: pain/suffering
- Daurmansya: despair/ depression
- Angamejayatva: tremors
- Svasa-Prasvasa: irregular respiration



This underlines the importance of YOGIC DEEP DIAPHRAGMATIC BREATING to remove obstacles.


Patanjali advocates the adoption of positive attitudes (1.33) such as Maitri (friendliness towards those who are at ease with themselves), Karuna (compassion towards the suffering), Mudita (cheerfulness towards the  virtuous) and Upekshanam (avoidance and indifference towards the nonvirtuous).




In 2.50 Patanjali describes the different varieties of Pranayama such as the external (Bahya), internal (Antara) and the stupefied (Stambavritti).   He explains that Pranayama practice is regulated by the location (Desha), season (Kala) and rhythm (Samkya) making it either to be deep (Dirgha) or subtle (Sukshma).

He tells us that Pranayama enables our mind to attain fitness for the higher aspects of Yoga that begin with Dharana (dharanasucha yogyata manasah-2.53).  It also facilitates a reverential vision of the Divine light by destroying the veil of ignorance that is preventing us from having such a vision (tatash kshiyate prakashavaranam-2.52).


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/pranayama-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Breathe in the new , breathe out the old.

Pranayama—inhale and exhale with awareness— long exhales with the sound of MMMMMMMMMM

Humming MMMMMMM boosts level of nitric oxide—this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret .

Ordinary breath is a mere 4%.

It is amazing Nitric oxide was discovered by Indian yogis 11000 years ago.  For re-inventing this a Nobel prize was given to a white man 2 decades ago.

Patanjali describes Pranayama that is a bridge between the external and internal worlds.

Patanjali defines Pratyahara in 2.54 and 2.55 as the “withdrawing of the mind from the sensory engagements”.   Just as a tortoise withdraws its limbs into its shell, the senses cease to function as soon as the mind (the main energy source for sensory function) starts the journey inwards.

What is Pratyahara ?

The stuff  you read in books and on the internet by indophiles and others is all BULLSH#T.
Just as a healthy body can resists toxins and pathogens, a healthy mind can ward off the negative sensory influences around it.  

If you are easily disturbed by the noise and turmoil of the environment around you,  or jolted out of your mind by every small pothole of stress on the street of your life, practice  pratyahara. 

Without it, you will not be able to meditate.

There are higher levels of Pratyahara.  

Examples? 

Prana- pratyahara — control of prana . Karma-pratyahara — control of action,  mano-pratyahara — withdrawal of mind from the senses.  These are beyond the scope of this post.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/shambhavi-mudra-bypassing-amygdala-by.html


Patanjali starts off the third Pada giving definitions of the three internal aspects (Antaranga) of Yoga, namely Dharana, Dhyana and Samadhi.

What is Samadhi ?

Samadhi is sleepless sleep.

Turiya is beyond Samadhi. The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the human mind.

The ancient Vedic Maharishis wanted to go beyond nature and realize the transcendental nature of man. They dared to take up this challenge and the Upanishads are the unique record of the methods they adopted, the struggles they undertook and the victory they achieved in this astonishing adventure of human spirit .

The sages who discovered them had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth. Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas without any understanding and patent it in their names.

They had the choice to utilize the leisure either to conquer the pleasures outer world or the painful passage to the inner. With their mental gifts, they had turned their mental energies to the conquest of the inner world rather than of the world of matter and life at the sensate level.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/beyond-theta-state-to-turiya-capt-ajit.html

In the 7000 year old Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great ancient Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma of men who became brokers of Gods or Gods themselves , burnings at the stake, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought.

These Indian sages were not satisfied with their intellectual speculations. They discovered that the universe remained a mystery and the mystery only deepened with the advance of such knowledge, and one of the important components of that deepening mystery is the mystery of man and consciousness. The Upanishads became aware of this truth, which modern science now emphasizes.

The state of absorptive super-consciousness (Samadhi) is expressed by Patanjali as an omnipresent state when the mind loses itself and the object alone shines without differentiation (tadeva arthamatra nirbhasyam swarupa shunyamiva samadhi-3.3).

Patanjali  defines Dharana as the process of binding consciousness to a point, place, region or object (desha bandhah chittasya dharana-3.1).  He  defines Dhyana as the state when there is a steady and continuous flow of attention and concentration on a point, place, region or object (tatra pratyaya ekatanata dhyanam-3.2).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/06/meditation-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/meditation-without-tears-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/vipassana-meditation-capt-ajit.html

Grace and peace are the hallmarks of a healthy non-delusional mind in a healthy body.. The happiness is stable.

BELOW:  WIDSOM OF PATANJALI 




Patanjali describes Siddhis that include: ( mind you this was at a time when the white man was doing GRUNT GRUNT for language )

- Mind reading (3.19)
- Invisibility (3.21)
- Going beyond the senses (3.22)
- Fore knowledge of time of death (3.23)
- Great strength (3.24)
- Elephantine strength (3.25)
- Clairvoyance (3.26)
- Subtle knowledge (3.27)
- Knowledge of the inner stars (3.28)
- Knowledge of the movement of stars (3.29)
- Knowledge of the arrangement of body systems (3.30)
- Power to go beyond hunger and thirst (3.31)
- Power of great steadiness (3.32)
- Vision of Siddhas (3.33)
- Knowledge of everything (3.34)
- Knowledge of mind (3.35)
- Knowledge of pure consciousness (3.36)
- Divine sensations (3.37)
- Transmigration (3.39)
- Levitation (3.40)
- Great effulgence (3.41)
- Divine hearing (3.42)
- Extreme lightness of body (3.43)
- Removal of the veil of ignorance (3.44)
- Mastery over the five manifest elements (3.45)
- Attainment of Anima and the other seven Siddhis (3.46)
- Perfection of body (3.47)
- Perfection of sensory apparatus (3.48) 
- Mastery over the primal cause itself (3.49)




Below: Like Asaram Bapu ,   the white man tried to make Nityananda a rapist !



Initially only kalari masters knew the 108 marmas.  Later on in their old age some Kalari masters started practicing Ayurveda and this secret skill merged with Ayurveda , though NOT in full .
What was transferred was the skill to heal and NOT to kill or cripple.

An ayurvedic massage is known as Marma abhyanga . This is NOT some Bangkok type happy ending massage.   Marma abhayanga massage promotes healing , releases physical and emotional blockages , eliminates toxins, relieves back pain, stiffness and  stimulates various bodily organs and systems.  

Prana is a form of vital energy. Prana pervades each and every corner of the body, and it nourishes, guides and controls the functioning of the cell and systems.

When these marma ( critical junctions) are affected or ruptured, the organs linked with prana channels become starved with lack of prana and some organ becomes diseased, crippled or paralysed or depending upon the quantum is of prana being lost, it may lead to slow or sudden death.

They are classified for better understanding according to the physical components:--
Mansa marma - muscle
Sira marma - vessels conveying body fluids and impulses
Sanyu - tendons
Asthi - bones
Sandhi - articulate points specially bone joints



Shirodhara is the king of all healing treatments, basically surgery of the subconscious mind to amputate negativity, and to expand your consciousness.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/shirodhara-6000-year-old-massage-for.html



Drak KnightJanuary 26, 2015 at 3:46 PM
Sorry to disturb u captain but i think my kundalini is rising wrong way. It was all fine till yesterday suddenly my nerve current jammed on my left side and even today i tried to get it on track but still can't do it.. Also i am confirmed it's kundlini as on my left side, back there i am feeling really hot and like something trying to move upwards.. Please kindly guide me how to bring it back to sushmana as i have no guru.
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 26, 2015 at 4:01 PM
hi gk,

ground your body - by walking on the wet sea shore or on wet grass

kundalini cannot be raised on the internet-- you have to be ready first- this can be decided only by a guru.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/awakening-and-raising-kundalini-after.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..
WHEN DOING YOGA ASANA GROUND YOUR BODY IF POSSIBLE TO NEUTRALISE FREE RADICALS  --  

WHEN DOING MEDITATION / PRAYER/ PUJA SIT ON INSULATED KUSHA GRASS MAT



Below:   6000 years ago, when the rest of this planet did GRUNT GRUNT for language check out what Krishna told Arjuna about a Yogi.




My foreign readers can refer to the link below for the Sanskrit verses in audio -  in their language .

http://www.bhagavad-gita.org/Gita/verse-06-18.html
















I WANT MY READERS TO KNOW-

BETWEEN YOGA ( INCLUSIVE OF BELLY BREATHING / GROUNDING ) ,  VIRGIN COCONUT OIL , COCONUT WATER,  FRESH TURMERIC,  MEDICAL CANNABIS , AND HUMPED COW GOMUTRA / CURD – EVERY DISEASE AND VICE CAN BE ELIMINATED .    

EVIL PHARMA WILL DIE  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/quantum-drink-coconut-water-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/ayurvedic-massage-and-quantum-medicine.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/gomutra-drinking-cows-urine-as-elexir.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html



Yoga includes a yogic diet. You cannot eat and drink whatever you want if you opt for yoga.

Yoga includes a yogic diet. You cannot eat and drink whatever you want if you opt for yoga.

The modern Western diet sickens all with its overload of meat, salt, bad fats, white sugar, white flour, and its deficiency of living foods.   Leaky gut is a condition that occurs due to the development of gaps between the cells (enterocytes) that make up the membrane lining your intestinal wall.

These tiny gaps allow substances such as undigested food, bacteria and metabolic wastes, that should be confined to your digestive tract, to escape into your bloodstream -- hence the term leaky gut syndrome.

Once the integrity of your intestinal lining is compromised, and there is a flow of toxic substances "leaking out" into your bloodstream, your body experiences significant increases in inflammation.

Also, your immune system may become confused and begin to attack your own body as if it were an enemy (autoimmunity).

Most often, leaky gut syndrome is associated with inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's ( Jew disease ). We are mostly exposed to LECTINS  from GM wheat ( gluten ) ,beans and humpless cow dairy products.  

Leaky gut can cause digestive symptoms such as bloating, gas and abdominal cramps, but it can also cause or contribute to many others you may not, such as fatigue, skin rashes, joint pain, allergies, psychological symptoms, autism and more.

It's a vicious cycle because once your digestive tract has been damaged, it allows various gut contents to flood into your bloodstream where they wreak havoc on your health.   

The key to preventing this lies in altering your diet to eliminate the offending foods -- including sugars ( processed / HFCS ) and GM grains -- as well as introduce healthier ones that will support a proper balance of bacteria in your gut.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/probiotics-prebiotics-friendly-gut.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html



STOP PRESS:

TIP FOR MY WESTERN READERS -

IF YOU HAVE BACK PAIN THIS WINTER DUE TO EXCESSIVE SNOW SHOVELING ( GLOBAL WARMING TEE HEEEE ) CREATE YOU OWN GROUNDED CHAIR.

BUY A UNPAINTED CONDUCTIVE METAL CHAIR FROM THE MARKET AND GROUND IT IN YOUR HOME -- SIT ON IT 10 MINUTES A DAY ,PREFERABLY BEFORE SLEEP.

THIS WILL IMPROVE YOUR REM SLEEP.

WHEN YOU GET GOOD REM SLEEP--

YOU GET ALL THE ANSWERS IN AN OFFICE MEETING- YOU CHILDREN CAN GET GOOD MARKS IN EXAMS - 

YOU CAN LOSE YOUR BACK ACHE OR ANY OTHER ACHE.

http://www.nachi.org/grounding-electrodes.htm


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/snow-shovelling-and-backache-capt-ajit.html


THE EVIL PHARMA DOES NOT WANT YOU TO KNOW ABOUT ALL THIS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html

WHEN YOU INSTALL A LAWN IN YOUR HOME, ALSO INSTALL A METAL SOFA - WITH COPPER PLATES DEEP GROUNDED , IN ALL 4 LEGS.

A PARK IS NOT A PARK IF IT DOES NOT HAVE SUCH METAL CHAIRS-- FOR NOWDAYS GRASS IS SPRAYED WITH PESTICIDES AND IS GROWN ON ARTIFICIAL FERTILISERS.

SELECT A MODEL FROM THE LINK BELOW-- WHERE YOU LOWER SPINE IS IN CONTACT WITH GROUNDED METAL.

http://ghantapic.blogspot.in/2015/01/metal-park-benches.html

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
VLADIMIR PUTIN THE HERO OF THE FREE WORLD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
PUTIN , THE ONLY WORLD LEADER WITH BALLS OF STEEL  , CONSCIENCE KEEPER OF THIS PLANET, TAKE AN INTERNET POLL ON WHO IS THE MORAL LEADER OF THE FREE WORLD AND YOU WILL GET THE ANSWER




THE TITLE OF THIS POST WOULD HAVE BEEN " MODI , THE HERO OF THE FREE WORLD "-     



BUT ALICE IN WONDERLAND MODI , BLEW IT,   



IT WAS RIDICULOUS , THE WAY MODI BEHAVED WHEN US PRESIDENT OBAMA , NAY , BAA , VISITED INDIA .  






MODI REPRESENTED BHARATMATA .




BHARATMATA DOES NOT RECEIVE ANY R STOOGE AT THE AIRPORT ,  AFTER R ROBBED HER BLIND IN 200 YEARS FLAT . 


 






Below: Czar Nicholas II and his lovely family 




NaveenJanuary 28, 2015 at 1:21 AM
Dear Captain,
Why is Putin toeing the Zionist line of History of Hitler Bashing?

http://rt.com/politics/226707-russia-putin-auschwitz-history/

Thanks,
Naveen

Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 28, 2015 at 5:37 AMi n,









where has putin ever mentioned the 6 million figure?

IT IS THE RT JOURNALIST DREAMING UP ..

ON THE CONTRARY IT IS THE FIRST TIME A MAN WHO HAS ACCESS TO STATE SECRETS HAS TOLD ABOUT 85% JEWS IN BOLSHEVIK GOVT

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3plO343bID8

IS THIS NOT A CLEAR INDICATION AS TO WHO MURDERED THE CZAR ,HIS DEVOTED WIFE AND HIS LOVELY FAMILY.

THEY CONVERTED THE CZARINA TO A WHORE - WHO WAS SCREWING AROUND WITH A PADRE -RASPUTIN.

R GOT SINGERS LIKE BONEY M TO SING THAT LOVE MACHINE RASPUTIN WAS "LOVER OF THE RUSSIAN QUEEN " AND CUT OFF RASPUTINs PRICK AND PUT IT IN A JAR-- I HAVE SEEN IT.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/rasputin-and-his-wart-capt-ajit.html

TODAY I WILL BURST ANOTHER BOMBSHELL -- I DID NOT DO IT BEFORE OUT OF KINDNESS ..

THE GORGEOUS DAUGHTERS OF THE CZAR WERE RAPED.

THEY MADE THEM OUT TO BE GREEDY AND PUSILLANIMOUS -- THAT THEY SEWED THE ROYAL DIAMONDS INTO THEIR UNDERCLOTHES AND THE BULLETS COULD NOT KILL THEM-- SO THEIR CLOTHES HAD TO BE REMOVED ( ONLY THE YOUNG GIRLS ) AND SHOT AGAIN.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html

the remains of wife Alexandra, and their three daufghters, Olga, Tatiana and Maria were in one place. The remains of 17 year old Anastasia and her brother were found in another place.

all records state that the camisoles ( undergarments ) of the daughters were missing --and it was because they did not die with bullets as the sewn in hard diamonds protected them like bulletproof jackets

NOW LET UP SPROUT LONG EARS .

SO BECAUSE THEY DID NOT DIE THEIR UNDERCLOTHES WHICH PROTECTED THEM WERE REMOVED AND THEN THEY WERE BAYONETED TO DEATH ( SIC )

WHAT A FOUL LIE.

AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THE RAPE OF THE DAUGHTERS IN BEING PUT ON RECORD.

THERE WAS VOMIT IN THE ROOM.

OBVIOUSLY THE CZARINA VOMITED .

THIS MESS WAS ATTRIBUTED TO A DRUNKEN GUARD.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

DNA TESTS WERE DONE --CHECK OUT THE LINK BELOW.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-510037/DNA-tests-finally-solve-riddle-happened-tsars-children.html








Below: Putin was asked why he cried , as it was unlike him -- the macho man shrugged off the question-- he said it was the cold wind! ( he cried for his sacred WATAN , if you ask me - only patriots do that !!! - Our Gujju bhai Modi cried for BJP  ) 
Russia protects their hero Putin .  India now knows how well the US President Obama was protected, when he visited India 3 days ago .   
In the case of Indian PM Modi they were running around for fuel at Myanmar at the last minute .

       


Below : BJP MERI MAA HAI-- BOO HOOOOO ! 
WE INDIANS WOULD AHVE BEEN MAHA IMPRESSED IF MODI SAID "YEH WATAN MERI MAA HAI !!" --
--  and we Indians know the deadly equation between BJPMAIYYA and CIA-MOSSAD and BHARATMATA in1976 during the emergency .

Below : A quote from George Orwell .  BRICS must create their own BRICSpedia , to counter the foul LIES in R controlled Wikipedia .  Hero of the FREE WORLD , Putin must take the initiative .  

Below : R controlled International court of justice Hague ( Netherlands ) an arm of the R controlled UN.  
This court was created to arbitrate between two nations . 
But now we have this compromised court judging  between a the state of Russia and a Jew Mikhail Khodorkosky (Yukos) , and also awarded him 50 BILLION dollars, to punish Russia  

But hey, R has left a loophole for his stooge led nations to wriggle put.

The International Court does not enjoy a full separation of powers, with permanent members of the Security Council being able to veto enforcement of cases, even to which they consented to be bound .

The loop hole is -- the jurisdiction does not have binding force itself, in many cases the instances of aggression are adjudicated by Security Council by adopting a resolution, etc.

Nicaragua learnt it the hard way when USA used the VETO route.

CASE:  Nicaragua v. United States.

The Republic of Nicaragua v. The United States of America (1986) ICJ 1 is a public international law case decided by the International Court of Justice (ICJ).  The ICJ ruled in favor of Nicaragua and against the United States and awarded reparations to Nicaragua.  The ICJ held that the U.S. had violated international law by supporting the Contras in their rebellion against the Nicaraguan government and by mining Nicaragua's harbors.

The United States refused to participate in the proceedings after the Court rejected its argument that the ICJ lacked jurisdiction to hear the case.  The U.S. later blocked enforcement of the judgment by the United Nations Security Council and thereby prevented Nicaragua from obtaining any actual compensation.
The Nicaraguan government finally withdrew the complaint from the court in September 1992 (under the later, post-FSLN, government of Violeta Chamorro), following a repeal of the law requiring the country to seek compensation.

United States had ACTUALLY breached international law by--
1. violating the sovereignty of Nicaragua by:
armed attacks against Nicaragua by air, land and sea;
incursions into Nicaraguan territorial waters;
aerial trespass into Nicaraguan airspace;
efforts by direct and indirect means to coerce and intimidate the Government of Nicaragua.
2. using force and the threat of force against Nicaragua.
3. intervening in the internal affairs of Nicaragua.
4. infringing upon the freedom of the high seas and interrupting peaceful maritime commerce.
5. killing, wounding and kidnapping citizens of Nicaragua.

Nicaragua demanded that all such actions cease and that the United States had an obligation to pay reparations to the government for damage to their people, property, and economy.

THIS IS WHY INDIA MUST PUSH FOR A UNSC SEAT-


OR USE THE POWER OF BRICS TO BOYCOTT UN.   
BUT HEY, OUR ZIONIST DARLING PM MODI IS THE WEAKEST MEMBER OF BRICS.
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT R CONTROLS THE INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICS IN HAGUE AND USES IT TO SETTLE SCORES WITH WHO EVER GOES AGAINST THEM.

This R controlled Kangaroo court  declared Croatian generals Gotovina and Markač - and Kosovar politician Hardinaj  innocent in the war in Yugoslavia while the Serbian general Tolimir received a life sentence of imprisonment. .

Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic was killed in Hague.  As the court had no evidence against him, the tension of the four-year stressful trial and most likely inadequate medical treatment for his ailing heart killed him.

Vojislav Šešelj, president of the Serbian Radical Party, is in jail in the Hague tribunal for ten years now still without any judgment. The tribunal is waiting for his death as well because it has no evidence against him.


That court is a crime itself and a shame for today’s society.  R stooge judges from all over the world judge at this court.


Putin began training in Sambo (a tough martial art that originated in the Soviet Union) at the age of 14. KGB agents are experts in Sambo.  
Putin  holds an 8th dan black belt in Kyokushin kaikan karate gotten in  2014.  Vladimir Putin holds a 9th Degree Black Belt In Taekwondo since 2013.  
This is the man Aussie PM Abbot wanted to SHIRT FRONT. Putin would have kicked his Aussie ass and kicked it good.   
Putin was awarded 8th dan black belt in Judo in 2012.  I must tell you this is NOT a cake walk  as champions watch .


Putin has a tough macho image and this pisses of the west, whole leaders have TUFT TITTIES. They collectively cry that this image is stage managed.


Notable examples of Putin's macho adventures include: flying military jets, demonstrating his martial art skills, riding horses, rafting, fishing and swimming in a cold Siberian river (doing all that mostly bare-chested), descending in a deepwater submersible, tranquilizing tigers with a tranquiliser gun, tranquilizing polar bears, riding a motorbike, co-piloting a firefighting plane to dump water on a raging fire, shooting darts at whales from a crossbow for eco-tracking,driving a race car, scuba diving at an archaeological site, attempting to lead endangered cranes in a motorized hang glider, and catching big fish.
I was in Yuzny ( Ukraine ) when the mighty USSR crumbled. The previous day the rouble cost me more than the US dollar.  I am the guy who gave my crew advances.  The next day it fell to 65 roubles for one USD Dollar.  
I took my wife to the malls and markets and she was shocked to see that all goods just disappeared from the shelves.  
I worked in a Jewish company where they employed only Russian Jews. I know what happened as these Jewish Russian officers talked under the influence of Vodka. 
Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin were chosen to rubber stamp the entire Zionist coordinated theft by the Jewish oligarchs. 
Neither of them were privy to the details of this devious and evil scheme to siphon out Russian wealth. They were mere fronts whose primary task was to give a veneer of legitimacy to this plunder. 


Yelstin knew about the “deal “ for sure for he became an alcoholic . He made amends by choosing a SUPER PATRIOT Putin to take over from him.
Yeltsin knew that Putin would awaken the nation’s conscience keepers.  Like in India Russia too has a  ultra-secret group of Russian patriots and nationalists, loyal politicians and government officials made  to take it all back ... when the right time presented itself. 
There are people who are loyal to the WATAN alone and NOT to some STOOGE placed by a foreign BIG BROTHER on the throne.
                                            

The entire dissolution of the USSR was the fruit of several top secret meetings which took place in Zionist controlled nations.  The plan was of course hatched at the Bilderberg INNER club..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html

After stealing  all the Russian Jewish oligarchs ran to London, Tel Aviv and New York .-  everybody know this today.
This is the real example of naked predatory capitalism.   The Jewish Russian oligarchs CHOSEN to steal were selected and appointed by R.  The plan was devious and well laid out. There was a sinister method to oversee the outright theft of all major assets and natural resources from the Russian nation and people.  

This unique form of corrupt predatory capitalism was at first hidden from public view as it was implemented to strip everything of value from both the state and the citizenry, with crypto Jew Gorbachev ( Kahn ) and Boris Yeltsin turning a Nelson’s eye.
"Perestroika" ( re-structuring ) and "glasnost" ( openness )were simply buzzwords bandied about to put dust in the eyes of the world . Mikhail Gorbachev took the office of General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in March 1985. 

The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) ceased to exist on December 26, 1991.  On the previous day, Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev, the eighth and last  leader of the Soviet Union, had resigned, declared his office extinct, and handed over its attributes—including control of the Soviet nuclear missile launching codes—to Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Below: Canadian PM singing Hey Jude ( German for Jew ) 
 
The dissolution of the Soviet Union also signaled the end of the Cold War. Cold war 2 started at Brisbane G20 summit on 16 Nov due to the boorish and unstatesmanlike behavior of R stooges Aussie PM Abbot and Canadian PM Harper who were personally rude to Putin.          
In Nov 2014,  Mikhail Gorbachev lamented that Vladimir Putin thinks of himself as "second only to God" and that he  never seeks his advice.
 Knowing that what he said was NOT good for him as the Russians rooted for Putin, on Dec 27th 2014, Gorbachev turned coat, and said that Putin saved Russia from falling part. Can you imagine some Zionist Indian stooge who breaks up India into many parts , happily sitting and eating Pizza in public after he is out of power- like in the video below?



This man is now reduced to doing Western Ads.
Boris Yeltsin developed a heart problem when he helplessly watched the Jewish Russian oligarchs steal everything in sight.
When I last stayed in London for 2 weeks - statue No 10 in the link below could be seen from my room.  
We Indians do NOT care for Gandhi,  but the Zionists are busy planting Gandhi statues all over the world .
http://srsddn.hubpages.com/hub/Statues-of-Mahatma-Gandhi
#####################
'                                               
SUBJECT :  Swaraj to travel to China tomorrow; Jaishankar to accompany  .
###################################

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Swaraj-to-travel-to-China-tomorrow-Jaishankar-to-accompany/articleshow/46067116.cms

THIS BLOG SITE APPEALS TO PM NARENDRA MODI .

PLEASE ENSURE , FOR 20 YEARS  -

1) INDIA HAS SUFFICIENT FOOD EVEN IF HAARP DISRUPTS OUR INDIAN MONSOONS TWO YEARS IN A ROW .  STOCK ENOUGH FOOD GRAINS  .

2) DO NOT HAVE A WAR WITH CHINA - WORK OUT OUR MAJOR BORDER DISPUTES - GIVE SOME TAKE SOME  .

NO POWER ON EARTH CAN STOP BHARATMATAs MARCH TO TAKING HER RIGHTFUL PLACE AS WORLDs NO 1 SUPER POWER IN 2 DECADES  .

MODI SAAB , PLACE THE WATAN AHEAD OF YOU , BJP PARTY AND EVERYTHING ELSE . 

WEEP ONLY FOR BHARATMATA , NOT FOR  BJPMAIYYA  .

CHILDREN OF BHARATMATA INCLUDE HINDUS, CHRISTIANS,  MUSLIMS, SIKHS  - EVERYBODY -- WHOSE LOYALTIES LIE IN INDIA   .

MAKE LIFE LIVING HELL FOR INDIANS WHOSE LOYALTIES  LIE IN FOREIGN LANDS LIKE SAUDI ARABIA,  ENGLAND, PORTUGAL , ISRAEL, ITALY etc.  

A LOT OF THESE DESH DROHIS COMMENT ON TIMES OF INDIA COMMENTS COLUMN - TRACE THEM , CATCH THEM , FRY THEM 

capt ajit vadakayil
..

   ################################################     
Below:   WE HAVE A PROCESS--  yes,   where at Bilderberg INNER meeting both Republican and Democrat Presidential candidates are chosen by R.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html

Below: Ever heard of PEA BRAIN ?







On 25 July 1998, Yeltsin appointed Vladimir Putin head of the FSB (one of the successor agencies to the KGB), the position Putin occupied until August 1999. Yeltsin also announced that he wanted to see Putin as his successor. Still later on that same day, Putin agreed to run for the presidency

On 12 September 2007, Putin dissolved the government upon the request of Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov. Fradkov commented that it was to give the President a "free hand" in the run-up to the parliamentary election. Viktor Zubkov was appointed the new prime minister

Putin was barred from a third term by the Constitution. First Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev was elected his successor. On 8 May 2008, only a day after handing the presidency to Medvedev, Putin was appointed Prime Minister of Russia, maintaining his political dominance.  

At the United Russia Congress in Moscow on 24 September 2011, Medvedev officially proposed that Putin stand for the Presidency in 2012, an offer which Putin accepted.


Putin announced that he would seek a third, non-consecutive term as President in the 2012 presidential election, an announcement which led to large-scale protests in many Russian cities managed by Trojan Horse NGOs funded by R.  Putin won the election in March 2012 and is now serving a six-year term


TO SCREW PUTIN R MAY OUST RUSSIA FROM THE BANKING SWIFT SYSTEM. 


IF THE WEST IS NAIVE ENOUGH TO BACK THIS , THEY CAN EXPECT AN IMMINENT THIRD WORLD WAR ( OUT OF ESCALATED ONE UPMANSHIP ) AND UNIMAGINABLE DESTRUCTION AND HUMAN SUFFERING .



Below: One leader loved by Zionists , the other leader HATED by Zionists - what is the catch?

















































































BrentonTalcott

January 31, 2015 at 10:59 AM
http://www.anh-usa.org/half-of-all-children-will-be-autistic-by-2025-warns-senior-research-scientist-at-mit/print/


Delete
############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 31, 2015 at 2:04 PM
hi n,

hi bt,

several years ago,  i bought huge corn cobs on my ship in USA. 

the cook had steamed it, with lime , salt and a pinch of vinegar- it was amazingly juicy and succulent.

my chief engineer ( canadian ) walked in and sat opposite to me for dinner.

he refused the corn dish.

i tried my best to make him eat it-- saying that it is so tasty .

HE TOLD ME, HE HAD TRIED EATING US GM CORN AND EVERY TIME IT SCRATCHED HIS INSIDES AND HE WOULD BE IN GREAT PAIN FOR COUPLE OF DAYS  .

i tried to make sense out of it.

today i know --

Monsanto's genetically modified "Bt corn" has been equipped with a gene from soil bacteria called Bt (Bacillus thuringiensis), which produces the Bt-toxin. It's a pesticide THAT BREAKS OPEN THE STOMACH OF THE KNOWN PESTS OF THAT AREA AND KILLS THEM.

Monsanto and the EPA swore that the genetically engineered corn would only harm insects. The Bt-toxin produced inside the plant would be completely destroyed in the human digestive system and would not have any impact at all on consumers, they claimed.

THEY HAVE LIED .

Bt corn produced resistant "super-pests," and now researchers have also found that the Bt-toxin can indeed wreak havoc on human health.

USA IS IN DEEP SHIT.

MANY HOSPITALS HAVE DONE INTENSE RESEARCH -

They have found Bt-toxin in the blood of:

94 percent of pregnant women tested
81 percent of umbilical blood in their babies,
69 percent of non-pregnant women

CORN IS ALSO EATEN BY CATTLE IN USA.

 Bt corn turns the intestinal flora into a  "living pesticide factory"… essentially manufacturing Bt-toxin from within the digestive system on a continuing basis.

THE WHOLE CONCEPT OF A GM CORN WHICH WILL KILL ONLY THE PEST WHICH TRIES TO EAT IT--  WHICH WILL NOT AFFECT THE MAN / COW WHO EATS IT IS A MAD MANs CONCEPT.

PEOPLE WHO HAD SEVERE ALLERGIES HAVE NOW GONE BACK TO SLEEPING INSIDE MOSQUITO NEST , RATHER THAN USE THE GOOD NIGHT MOSQUITO REPELLENT .

when Bt genes colonize the bacteria living in the human digestive tract,it results in:--

Gastrointestinal problems
Autoimmune diseases
Food allergies
Childhood learning disorders ( MANDA BUDDHI )

There's a world of difference between spraying it on plants, where it biodegrades in sunlight and can be carefully washed off with water , and GENETICALLY ALTERING THE PLANT TO PRODUCE IT INTERNALLY..

Bt crops have the Bt-toxin gene BUILT IN IT hence the toxin cannot be washed off. You simply cannot avoid consuming it.

FIVE years  ago, the American Academy of Environmental Medicine (AAEM) called on all physicians to prescribe diets without genetically modified (GM) foods to all patients.

PEOPLE WHO GO FOR CHEMOTHERAPY MUST SHUN ANY GM PRODUCT. 

EVIL PHARMA DOES NOT WANT YOU TO KNOW THIS.  THEY USE THEIR ZIONIST STOOGES TO KEEP PEOPLE IN THE DARK.

THERE IS HUGE MONEY IN SPREADING DISINFORMATION.

JUDAS JOURNALISTS AND BENAMI MEDIA ARE PAID BRIBES TO SAY THAT GM FOOD IS GOOD.

large GM Hawaiian papaya is now in Indian markets.

SHUN CANOLA OIL .

ZIONISTS ARE ANGRY WITH PUTIN AS HE TOOK THE LEAD , AS LEADER OF THE FREE WORLD TO BAN GM FOODS IN RUSSIA. 

OUR ZIONIST DARLING PM MODI IS DOING JUST THE OPPOSITE WITH CHITPAVAN PRAKASH JAVEDEKAR SINGING GM FOOD PRAISES.

Putin has signed the Russian Federation Code of Administrative Offences into law, including a new article establishing liability for the violation of mandatory requirements for the labeling of food products that contain GMOs. 

The bill which was submitted by the Federal Service for Supervision of Consumer Protection and Welfare (Rospotrebnadzor) imposes HUGE fines for vague or unclear labeling on food products containing genetically modified ingredients.

PUTIN HAS NOT SOLD HIS SOUL TO ZIONISTS TO CLING TO POWER.

President Putin said in 2014 that Russia must protect its citizens from consumption of products containing genetically modified organisms. Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev followed this with a statement that Russia will NOT import GMOs,

Russian Minister of Agriculture Nikolai Fyodorov declared that Russia WILL remain a GMO-free country.  At a meeting of deputies representing rural areas organized by United Russia, he said that the government will not “poison their citizens.”

These are TRUE PATRIOTS .

IN RUSSIA BEES ARE NOT DYING. 

WE IN INDIA SALUTE PUTIN. 

OUR OWN INDIAN POLITICIANS USE ZIONIST BRANDING TO COME TO POWER AND THEY DO NOT CARE IF BHARATMATAs CHILDREN  ARE GENETICALLY DESTROYED.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html

USUALLY I WOULD HAVE SAID TO PUT THIS COMMENT IN MODIs WEBSITE.  TODAY I SAY - IT IS NOT NEEDED. 

WHEN OUR LEADERS CANNOT PROTECT US -- WE SHALL PROTECT OURSELVES .

I ASK MY GOOD  READERS TO FLOOD THE INTERNET WITH THIS COMMENT.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Boris Yeltsin has shown GREAT CHARACTER and FORESIGHT in his choice of Vladimir Putin as Prime Minister.   His final historic words to Putin in his capacity as President were: "Take care of Russia."

Putin remembered these prophetic words a couple of days prior to Boris Yeltsin's funeral.


"We will do everything we can to ensure that the memory of Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin, his noble thoughts and his words 'take care of Russia' serve as a moral and political benchmark for us,"

This incident will TWAAANG the heart strings of every patriot on this planet .  It required SPIRIT to understand this.

Boris Yelstin bided his time. He was forced to play nice with the Zionists and their Russian Jew oligarchs who bled Russia.  He kept a track.   It is always the end which matters . 
Yeltsin ensured a smooth transition to Putin , an ex-KGB agent who had the wherewithal once he assumed power to screw the oligarchs.  

Putin knew how German Jew R’s agents Jew Marx, Jew Lenin, Jew Trotsky , Jew Stalin etc had played out their part in the Bolshevik revolution fooling the whole world with their monopolized Media and Hollywood.

Putin knew precisely who was responsible for such a catastrophic social, economic and political cataclysm. Putin knows how to deal with them.
Boris Yeltsin freely admitted at the end of his career to some historic mistakes, especially those related to the systematic transfer of Russian wealth to the thieving Jew oligarchs.
 Putin has all the information he needs.

On his own timetable and his own turf he has already taken back much of what has been been stolen from the Russian people.  He is on course to take back whatever is balance. Putin knows that USA has 18.1trillion USD debt which CANNOT be paid back-unless there is a third world war.

Putin  knows what it takes.  He will do it with great panache and style.   The FREE WORLD now talks about Putin as a veritable reincarnation of Peter the Great who also saved Russia from enemies both within and without.

Putin knows that Jews plan for ISRAEL MUMBER TWO in Ukraine  .  There is NO peace in Israel No 1.  In this internet age and DNA test age, the whole world knows that Israeli Jews are NOT from Palestine.

Never mind the bullshit of Moses leading the Jews out of Egypt when Judaism NEVER existed as a religion.

The FALSE FLAG attacks and Zionist manufactured civil war in the Ukraine cuts NO ice with Putin.  Putin knows why the Russian language was removed and substituted by Hebrew as the second official language of the Ukraine.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html
.Eastern Ukraine was once a part of the kingdom of Khazaria during a time when Judaism was chosen by the king to become the official state religion.  I know all this from my Jewish Russian officers.  These  Khazarian Jews is now called Ashkenazi Jewry.    
 The State of Israel was formed by the Zionist movement which derived its power and wealth from Ashkenazi Jewry the world over.  R was a German Jew however.

The Jews in Israel do NOT have Palestinian DNA. With the internet age and DNA testing era their FOUL LIE HAS BEEN NAILED.  Moreover Iranian and Pakistani NUKES will sooner than later pulverize them .
Below: The first law passed after the Communists seized power in Russia made anti-semitism a crime punishable by death.  (Izvestia, July 27, 1918).   But the Jews can behave the way they want .

 This is where the plot to repopulate the Ukraine with Jews after ethnic cleansing of Russian Orthodox Christians comes in.  Most Israelis of European descent are naturally more comfortable on "the Continent" completely out of range of such rogue mortar and missile attacks.  .

There is the sinister underground movement for Ashkenazi Jews back to the Ukraine, their ancestral homeland. And to achieve this they are willing to start world war 3 , which will also get rid of the unpayable 18.1 trillion UD debt of USA.  .

Below:  Religion must be about love and fairness , NOT a guide on how to screw the daylights out of everybody except your own clan. Hitler's had predicted as early as 1924, in his book Mein Kampf, that Bolshevism is Jewry's twentieth century effort to take world dominion unto itself. Today out of hindsight in the year 2015, he was spot on.

.
A great portion of the Ukraine parliament is Jewish.  All the non-Jews have been cunningly disposed with any political power. 
Organ Harvesting has been going on in the Ukraine in a most brazen manner and is rampant for the Jews in Israel.  The DNA matches are better for those poor non-Jew people in living Israel .
The Jewish community in Ukraine constitute the third biggest Jewish community in Europe and the fifth biggest in the world. Before World War II,  32% of Ukraine's urban population consisted of Jews.   
Ukrainian Jews are comprised by a number of ethnic groups, including Ashkenazi Jews, Mountain Jews, Bukharan Jews, Karaite Jews, Krymchak Jews and Georgian Jews.
In 1944,  R wanted Jew Stalin to form a Jewish Soviet Socialist Republic in Crimea, however, the idea failed to take off.  The overwhelming majority of the Jews who remained in Ukraine in 1989 left Ukraine and moved to other countries (mostly to Israel) in the 1990s during and after the collapse of Communism.
The majority of Ukrainian Jews live in four large cities: Kiev (about half of all Jews living in Ukraine, Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkiv, and Odessa .   There is a growing trend among some Israelis to visit Ukraine on a "back to roots trip" to follow the footsteps of Jewish life there.
NOAM CHOMSKY IS AN UKRANIAN JEW.    SO IS STEVEN SPEILBERG WHO ATTENDS BILDERBEGR MEETINGS DEPSITE BEING A MOVIE DIRECROR
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/avram-noam-chomsky-karl-marx-of-new.html
Rich Jews in Europe do NOT want to go to Israel and rub shoulders with blacks and Christians. Nor do they want to go to USA and rub shoulders with black and Christians in USA.
Putin is NOT an idiot . He saw through the ethnic cleansing programme in East Ukraine. He knew of the unreported by R monopolized media  - slaughter of innocent civilians, as well as the wanton destruction of infrastructure/places of worship/homes/businesses of the Orthodox Christian Russian-speaking populace. 
THE WHOLE IDEA WAS TO MAKE ALL SECTS HOSTILE TO JEWS LEAVE.

.
.

The Zionists do NOT deal with Putin alone. The Russian people who snatched away a full century of happiness from them. They know who funded the murdering Jews who eliminated their beloved czar.

No amount of propaganda by the R controlled media that the czar was a despot and the czarina was a hore who was screwing around with Rasputin as soon as her husband went to another room will cut any ice.  Russians now cannot be fooled by HASBARAS on the internet.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/hasbara-jewish-propaganda-on-social.html

Russians are now proud and patriotic . The more the pressure you put on Putin , like the quintessential arch, the more the people will support Putin.

Russians do NOT care for Zionist peer reviewed books and R controlled media and R controlled Hollywood anymore.  They know who ran their dreadful gulags .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html

Russians now know what a HEGELIAN DIALECTIC is .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html

They know the meaning of a FALSE FLAG attacked , perfected and honed by Zionists.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/false-flag-attack-on-iran-could-trigger.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/cryptos-double-agents-false-flags.html

They know who the EMBEDDED REPORTERS are. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html
Russia will NEVER be taken for a ride by Jews again.  No amount of saber-rattling by NATO/ Zionists  or economic terrorism by the European Union, or financial sabotage from the International banksters led by R will alter that determination.  
Nuclear Weapons are a great equalizer.  NATO knows that their ICBMs are NO match for the Russian ones, NATO knows there are mystery FRYING satellites in space which can blind them in an instant.  Russia has a long term alliance with China.  
 Is NATO foolish enough to take on Russia and China? In 20 years India will be No 1 superpower on this planet provided our LITTLE BO PEEP Modi does NOT lead us into a war triggered by his darling Zionist mentors..
The International banksters could never ever imagine that their stooge , the richest man in Russia - Mikhail Khodorkovsky would be imprisoned for 10 years .

Putin released this thief on his won time table and terms.

This Jew Khodorkovsky was R’s point man for further looting of Russia's oil and gas reserves and related assets , but Putin made him go PHUTTTTTTTT.

Once the Jewish oligarchs were stripped of their power, money and influence, all the Zionists  could rely upon was deceit and brute force, as they continue to exercise with extraordinary savagery in places like the Ukraine.

To intimidate and threaten, coerce and extort is all the R stooges have ever done in since 1799 when R grabbed Tipu Sultan’s gold ( Kerala temple gold ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

For long their tactics in subjugating completely powerless and/or defenseless nations around the world has worked , but it wont work with Putin

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/will-india-be-banana-republic-walmart_18.html

Right now in India R controlled Zionist corporations are bleeding India.  Are we to say Modi is an ignoramus ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/kleptocracy-in-india-lobbying-pimping.html

These multinational corporations sponsor TV commercial Ads to destroy the fabric of the Indianhome , where happiness and harmony reigns supreme .  They now brainwash Indian homemakers to become BRAVEHEARTS and revolt.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/the-best-and-worst-commercial.html . .

.   .  
ABOVE : WHY DID MODIs BEST FRIEND BAAAAA COME TO INDIA ? WHY DOD MODI HUG BAAAAAAAA ?
.  BELOW: OH SAATHI REEE -- BAAAAAAA - MY LANGOT YAAAAAAR - MY FRIEND !




The Zionists are trying to plant a Jew Gary Kasparov on Putin’s chair.  It will NOT happen for nobody in Russia cares for Gary Kasparov.   We are NOT in the year 1917 where R gave the Czar and his wife a bad name using his monopolized media and then murdered the cazr and his lovely family .

The Zionists then  stole the wealth of the czar and siphoned out via the communist vacuum cleaner the wealth of individual people’ homes.

Russia is now willing to use EXTREME force to prevent a New World Order take over.  Putin has carefully redeployed critical Nuke assets for imminent strikes.  Putin has BRICS on his side.  Iran , Venezuela and Russia control most of this planets oil and gas .

Never mind Rs devious plan of trying to make this world moth ball all fossil energy reserves. It will NOT world unless Russia, China and India baptize.

The BRICS Alliance has leveled the playing field which was before tilted in the favour of Zionists.   Greece and Hungary has told EU to fu#k off.    We Indians live in a democracy and we  will NOT allow Modi to kick BRICS in the teeth by being a double agent .

Putin must provide special Russian forces personal protection to both the Greek and Hungary leaders- as plans are already afoot to assassinate these two heroes by false flag attacks.  
There will be Ukraine type spring revolutions whipped up by Jews in Hungary - mark my words.  Hundred Jews will be converted to 20,000 non-Jews when the R monopolised media reports . 
History is being re-written in letters of gold.  The future history of this planet will NOT be monopolized by R media.   Wikipedia will be kicked out and FREEWORLDpedia will re-write TRUE history.

In this new annals of history Putins name will be enshrined in gold.

The pervasiveness and reach of the INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY of the internet has simply made it ridiculously easy to share what  is REALLY going on around the world  .
 
The era of writing FAKE history while smoking cigars and drinking brandy is now finally over, for good.
Only by divine intervention does a small KGB lieutenant colonel wind up fulfilling the last wishes of his predecessor serving alternately as both President and Prime Minister of Russia.
    
Putin has an unparalleled firewall of protection erected around him for he knows R agents always play dirty and they could NOT care less for the rules of the game.  Obama tried to outdo Putin when he came to India.   Russian security is UNSEEN without  yank style HOO HAAA.

We have a chaiwalla  in India too who came from small beginnings .  Future will tell where this chaiwalla lands up  in the annals of history —in the golden book of the free world or in the garbage bin.
There is a massive amount of false information being spread across cyber-space regarding Vladimir Putin.  Every day hundreds of posts spring up on the internet branding Putin as evil.  The denizens of the planet are NOT so stupid. The days of peer reviewed media moulding perception is now finally over.
Putin inherited an unprecedented and gargantuan economic mess from Yeltsin.  He first had to deal with massive corruption . He had to deal with the plundering Jewish oligarchs.

He had so much to multitask.   He has done it well and how.  He has kicked out all Zionist injected perversions like homosexuality.

Some of the oligarchs whole language and loyalty bound them to their motherland saw the writing on the wall and made the overtures necessary to convince Putin of their loyalty to rebuilding Russia first.

Those that left the motherland for the safety of Zionist land shores would not renounce their thieving ways.    When faced with either being exiled or joining the cause, the choice I guess was very simple. 

AFTER ALL EVEN THE PHAROAH COULD NOT CARRY HIS MONEY TO THE GRAVE-  EVEN NAPOLEON COULD NOT FEAST MORE THAN THRICE A DAY.
Russia has plenty of oil/ gas and Putin is lucky that both India and China are oil and gas thirsty nations..
How many of you know that Chinese have suffered more than the Russians due to R.   Mao Tse Tung was an R creation. 


R made him a hero by saying ON PAPER that Mao walked 12500 kilometers through mountainous terrain.  Actually Mao just took a ship and reached from point A to B.

The Long March (October 1934-October 1935) was a military retreat undertaken by the Red Army of the Communist Party of China, the forerunner of the People's Liberation Army, to evade the pursuit of the Chiang Kai Shek’s Kuomintang (KMT or Chinese Nationalist Party) army.

This was NOT a single Long March, but a series of marches , as various Communist armies in the south escaped to the north and west.

Which idiot will walk continuously for 12500 kilometers unless he is stupid? There must be a limit to BULLSHIT.

The march began from from Jiangxi province in October 1934. The Communists, under the command of Mao Zedong, escaped in a circling retreat to the west and north, which reportedly traversed some 12,500 kilometers  over 370 days ( sic!).

Mao's role was heavily exaggerated by Rothschild controlledmedia , and most events in the Long March are pure unadulterated  bull.

I have gone in great detail using GOOGLE EARTH and come to the conclusion that even superman cannot do it—leave alone our ROLY POLY Mao.
TEE HEEEEEE ! 

EVER SINCE I RIDICULED THIS EXTRA LONG FAKE LONG MARCH ,  ALL BENAMI PEER REVEIWED ENCYCLOPEDIA , (  including Wikipedia ) HAVE REDUCED THIS LONG WALK TO 9000 KILOMETERS -  EVEN THIS IS ABSOLUTELY IMPOSSIBLE.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

WHY IS IT THAT CHINA AND JAPAN CAN NEVER BE FRIENDS ?

Japan occupied China and did several ULTRA sadistic human experiments.  R media hushed it up.   At the end of it, the medical data was shared with USA , in a quid pro quo ( you scratch my back- I scratch your back manner ).

At Unit 731, Dr Shiro Ishii tried several open heart transplants from one living person to another living person ( and also using a pig's heart ).

Dr Ishii tried various steroid stress experiments on one single kidney. He did a lot of research on blood Rh ( +/-) group incompatibilities, spinal fluid tests, brain mapping , hibernation experiments , clotting experiment,  human tissue based plastic surgery, breast reconstruction, penile implants, open brain pineal gland experiments, experiments on open amygdala and after removing amygdala,  chemicals to slow down rejection time of ripped out body parts to be transplanted , experiments by severing neural connection between spinal cord and gut, REM in fetus,  vagus nerve and amygdala stimulation, reverse umbilical cord data, motor reactions with left and right brainlobe connection severed, umblical cord stem cells experiments, saving severed body limbs by temporary easy and quick attachments elsewhere on the body  etc -- on live and opened up patients, without anesthesia.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/doctor-death-shiro-ishii-emperor.html

LITTLE BO PEEP MODI MUST KNOW THAT CHINA IS OUR NEIGHBOUR AND JAPAN IS VERY FAR AWAY.

ALICE IN WONDERLAND MODI MUST KNOW HOW JAPAN KICKED NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE IN HIS TEETH.  HOW THE JAPANESE ATE  22,000 INDIAN INA SOLDIERS FOR DINNER  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/netaji-subhash-chandra-bose-untold.html
CHUTNEY MARYs AND PICKLE JOHNs IN OUR BENAMI MEDIA BELIEVE SOMETHING ONLY IF A WHITE MAN WRITES SOMETHING ON IT.

SO THESE CHOOTS CAN READ WHAT FOLLOWS.

RABAUL TUNNELS HAD HUMAN MEAT CANNING FACTORIES INSIDE.    I HAVE BEEN INSIDE RABAUL TUNNELS – THERE ARE MORE THAN 600 KILOMETERS OF TUNNELS DUG BY HAND THROUGH ROCK  . .

http://www.frontpagemag.com/2014/dgreenfield/unbroken-japan-still-in-deep-denial-over-cannibalism-against-us-soldiers/

QUOTE:  President George Bush narrowly escaped being beheaded and eaten by Japanese soldiers when he was shot down over the Pacific in the Second World War, a shocking new history published in America has revealed. : UNQUOTE 


Above : At Rabaul- today is Sunday let us have SIKH meat for dinner.
.    

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html
.
All this Crimea annexation is NOT a bolt from the blue.

Putin has declared 6 years ago in a NATO-Russia summit, that if Ukraine joined NATO Russia could contend to annex the Ukrainian East and Crimea.  In March 2014, the Russian Federation annexed Crimea.

Putin had said that "Crimea has always been and remains an inseparable part of Russia". After the Russian annexion of Crimea Putin said  that Ukraine includes "regions of Russia's historic south" and "was created on a whim by the Bolsheviks".

Putin said that the February 2014 ousting of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych had been orchestrated by the West as an attempt to weaken Russia ("our Western partners have crossed a line. They behaved rudely, irresponsibly and unprofessionally") and that the people who had come to power in Ukraine were " Russophobes and Semites".

In a July 2014 speech midst the an armed insurgency in Eastern Ukraine Putin stated he would use "the right of self defence" to protect Russian speakers outside Russia.
Putin made a single outdoor public speech at the 100,000-strong rally of his supporters in the Luzhniki Stadium on 23 February 2012, Russia's Defender of the Fatherland Day.   In the speech he called not to betray the Motherland, but to love her, to unite around Russia and to work together for the good, to overcome the existing problems.  He said that the foreign interference into Russian affairs should not be allowed, that Russia has its own free will.
Below:  Anyday better than HEY JUDE sung by the Canadian R stooge .


Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev credited Putin with having "pulled Russia out of chaos”—while R stooge and U.S. Presidential candidate Mitt Romney called Putin "a real threat to the stability and peace of the world."  .
Below: THIS WORLD HAS WOKEN UP.

.  .  
“Russia is not the kind of a country that extradites human rights champions” spAke Putin about  Snowden during the Q&A session with CNBC at the SPIEF on May 23, 2014 – this was followed by great applause   .
R payroll Russian opposition politicians and Jewish journalists allege that Putin secretly possesses a large fortune (as much as $70 billion ) via successive ownership of stakes in a number of Russian companies. Asked at a press conference on 14 February 2008 whether he was the richest person in Europe, as some newspapers claimed; and if so, to state the source of his wealth, Putin said "This is plain chatter, not worthy discussion, plain bosh. They have picked this in their noses and have smeared this across their pieces of paper. This is how I view this."
TEE HEEEE !

No world leader has been so demonized by the West over the past decade as President Vladimir Putin of Russia has. There is NOT a single day without some Zionist puppet running down Putin. They have overdone it, and so nobody believes them today. .
The decadent west is incapable of producing a leader of Putin’s caliber and quality.  Jews defaming Putin and branding him as a mad dog like Gaddafi will NOT work. 
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/ethnic-cleansing-of-blackskinned-people.html

.  
Below: You will understand the video -only if you read the following two posts
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/when-lie-is-mightier-than-sword-capt.html


Below: LITTLE BO PEEP MODIs BEST FRIEND BAAAAAAA


USA HAS GOVE ONE STEP ABOVE SIMPSONS TO INTRODUCE FOUL ZIONIST DECADENCE INTO PUBLIC LIFE - INDIA IS FOLLOWING SUIT UNDER BAAAAA FAN / ALICE IN WONDERLAND MODI
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/american-dad-review-of-american.html  
All Little Bo Peep Modi knows is that he has HAJAAR chemistry with BAAAA no 2 ( Benjamin Netanyahu ) . 
He does NOT know that Israel is made with money stolen from Bharatmata .   
BHARATMATA BHAAAD MEIN JAAAYE ,  KURSI MAANGTHA HAI !!
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html


Below: Modi went to Israel in 2006 - we know why !

OUR GUJARAT MODEL PM NARENDRA MODI CAME TO POWER PROMISING TO RESTORE DIGNITY TO HINDUS AND BHARATMATA CRUSHED UNDER 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY - BUT HE HAS DONE MORE TO GIVE MORE POWER TO JEWS  OF SOME DISTANT LAND . .
Foreign Minister Jaswant Singh travelled to Israel where he kissed the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem and made a statement that, ‘Establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Israel had been delayed because of pampering of minorities in India.’ 
MY INDIAN READERS ARE NOW AT A FORK ON THE ROAD OF LIFE.   
YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE THE ROAD TO THE LEFT OR ROAD TO THE RIGHT.  
TO THE RIGHT SIDE IS LOYALTY TO THE WATAN ( LAND / BHARATMATA ) .  
TO THE LEFT OTHER SIDE LIES LOYALTY TO A PERSON ON A THRONE .
ALL THOSE WHO HAVE CHOSEN THE LEFT PATH IT IS GOOD BYE FROM THIS BLOG SITE.   
DO NOT BOTHER TO COMMENT AGAIN  -- I DO NOT WANT YOU TO EVEN VISIT THIS SITE.

.
 Drug runners have a code.  

Once you agree to be on their side they want 100% loyalty.  You reduce your loyalty by even 1%, they will eliminate you.

Three decades ago my Chief officer ( a Punjabi guy ) sat withme in my cabin over a beer and we were discussing how to load the cargo.

His mind was NOT on the job.

My wife had told me that whenever I squeeze his balls , he gets nervous and starts twirling his hair over his right ear.

And here he was twirling away like mad.

So I arm twisted him to spill out the beans.  We were at Mumbai.

He said that two people came to his cabin early in the morning. They shut the door and told him that they want to keep some drugs on the ship in a particular remote place. All he had to do was check it every two days , if it is still there.  

In USA someone will come and remove the package . And when the package is gone he was expected to give a call to a particular number in USA- telling the package is delivered. 

They showed him the money ( US dollars ) they would give him IN ADVANCE .  In fact they made him hold the money and count it .  An huge amount .

Then they gave a warning “ One you say YES, then he has to do his part of the deal “.

Then he told me that he declined to do it and they went away.

IN THE DRUG RUNNERS BUSINESS , ONCE YOU ARE IN  –  YOU ARE IN. 
THERE IS NO WAY OUT  .

The same code existed in the slave business.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/03/white-slavery-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html
Today in this DNA age , the whole world knows that Ashkenazi Jews, which make up a majority of the Israeli Jewish population, have no historical link to Palestine .  So there goes Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir scoffing remark “Khazar, Schmazar. There is no Khazar people. I knew no Khazars. In Kiev. Or Milwaukee. Show me these Khazars of whom you speak”.
Putin knows the role of Ukrainian Jew bankster Ihor Valeriyovych Kolomoyskyi ( ISRAELI CITIZEN ) in splurging money on the recruitment of  right-wing Ukrainian nationalists , Jews and neo-Nazis from other parts of Europe to fight against the Russian-speaking majority in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine.  Kolomoiskyi controls his business empire from R controlled Switzerland.
It is wroth quoting Wikipedia about this Jew.
QUOTE Kolomyski has used Privat's "quasi-military forces" to enforce hostile takeovers of companies, sending a team of "hired rowdies armed with baseball bats, iron bars, gas and rubber bullet pistols and chainsaws" to forcibly take over a Kremenchuk steel plant in 2006,[24] and has used "a mix of phony court orders (often involving corrupt judges and/or registrars) and strong-arm tactics" to replace directors on the boards of companies he purchases stakes in.[25] Kolomyski was criticized by Mr Justice Mann in a court case in London involving an attempted hostile takeover of an oil company, with the judge stating that Kolomyski had "a reputation of having sought to take control of a company at gunpoint in Ukraine" and that there were "strong grounds for doubting the honesty of Mr Kolomoisk .


On 2 March 2014, amidst the 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine, acting President Oleksandr Turchynov appointed Kolomoyskyi governor of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast.[30] Two days later, Russian President Vladimir Putin described Kolomoyskyi as a "unique crook," and said that the citizens of Dnipropetrovsk were not happy with his appointment as Governor of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast.[9] In contrast, The Daily Beast, a US publication, wrote in mid-June 2014 that Kolomoyskyi enjoyed the local population's strong support.[31]


In April 2014 Kolomoyskyi offered a bounty for the capture of Russian-backed militants and incentives for the turning in of weapons.[32] He also is believed to have spent $10 million to create the Dnipro Battalion,[31][33] and also funds the Aidar, Azov, Dnepr 1, Dnepr 2, and Donbas volunteer battalions.[34] Members of the Aidar Battalion “have been involved in widespread abuses, including abductions, unlawful detention, ill-treatment, theft, extortion, and possible executions,” according to Amnesty International, while the Azov Battalion was seen flying flags carrying symbols of a Ukraine neo-Nazi party, Patriot of Ukraine.[35]

Russia is asking for Kolomoyskyi to be put on Interpol's wanted list.[36] On 2 July 2014 a Russian District Court authorized his arrest in absentia for "organizing the killing of civilians".[37]

Above :  Igor Kolomoyski ( extreme left) Dnepropetrovsk governor,  raising a  toast with Israeli Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger at the Berlin’s Chabad center .
Kolomoyski is a prominent supporter of Ukraine's Jewish community[38] and the president of the United Jewish Community of Ukraine.[39] In 2010 he was appointed as the president of the European Council of Jewish Communities[40] after promising the outgoing president he would donate $14 million,[41] with his appointment being described as a "putsch"[39][40] and a "Soviet-style takeover"[42] by other EJCJ board members. After several ECJC board members resigned in protest, Kolomyski quit the ECJC and, together with fellow Ukrainian oligarch Vadim Rabinovich, founded the European Jewish Union.[41]-  UNQUOTE


CHECK OUT THE TOTAL MONOPOLY OF JEWS IN HOLLYWOOD- THEY HAVE MADE THE WORLD BELIEVE THAT THEIR TYPE OF WEIRD LOOKS IS THE STANDARD FOR MALE AND FEMALE BEAUTY 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jewish_actors
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jewish_American_entertainers

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW - 
Why does Alice in Wonderland love to hug war criminals ?  
Why is India having VISA ON ARRIVAL on a non-reciprocal basis ? 
It will be a good idea to log down the religion of the tourists and the languages they speak. 
Why are military Israeli Jews in India? 
Why are the French Foreign legion mercenaries in India? 


http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2013/01/why-are-there-so-many-israeli-ex-soldiers-india . 



THE JEWS HAVE CREATED FAKE PROPAGANDA USING THEIR MONOPOLISED MEDIA THAT THEIR HOMELAND IS ISRAEL. 

YOU CAN DO A DNA TEST AND CHECK OUT IF THEY BELONG TO PALESTINE,  THE ORIGINAL INHABITANTS OF PALESTINE LOOK LIKE JORDANIANS AND LEBANESE.

THE JEWS IN ISRAEL TODAY LOOK LIKE EUROPEANS.  CHECK OUT THE LOOKS OF THE PEOPLE IN COUNTRIES SURROUNDING ISRAEL – CHECK OU THEIR DNA  .

Before the first world war the Jews tried to usurp a part of current day Kenya and make it their homeland . Then some Russian Jews became jittery about lions . TEE HEEE !

The offer was first made by British Colonial Secretary Joseph Chamberlain to Theodore Herzl's Zionist group in 1903. He offered 13,000 sq km ) of the Mau Plateau in what is today Kenya.

The idea was brought to the World Zionist Organization's Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 in Basel. Before the vote on the matter, the Russian delegation stormed out in opposition. In the end, the motion to consider the plan passed by 295 to 177 votes.

On March 28, 1928, the Presidium of the General Executive Committee of the USSR passed the decree "On the attaching for Komzet of free territory near the Amur River in the Far East for settlement of the working Jews."

Then in 1930 they tried to carve out a homeland in Ukraine.

Ukrainians and Crimeans were reluctant to have a Jewish national home carved out of their territory, even though most Soviet Jews lived there, By the 1930s, a massive propaganda campaign was underway to induce more Jewish settlers to move there. Some methods used the standard Soviet propaganda tools of the era, and included posters and Yiddish-language novels describing a socialist utopia there.

Quietely Jews started arriving in Ukraine. As the Jewish population grew, so did the impact of Yiddish culture on the region.

World War II brought to an abrupt end concerted efforts to bring Jews east. In the Ukrainian People's Republic, Yiddish was a state language along with Ukrainian and Russian.  They created the Jewish National Union and the community was granted an autonomous status.

By R’s efforts Yiddish was used on Ukrainian currency in 1917-1920. Before World War II, a little under one-third of Ukraine's urban population consisted of Jews who were the largest national minority in Ukraine. Ukrainian Jews are comprised by a number of ethnic groups, including Ashkenazi Jews, Mountain Jews, Bukharan Jews, Karaite Jews, Krymchak Jews and Georgian Jews.

Meanwhile they tried to have the whole island nation of Madagascar for themselves so that nobody could disturb them.  They knew that nobody could get along with the Jews for their MEAN behavior.  It did NOT work out.

In March 1940, there was talk about an  alternative Jewish Homeland in British Guiana (now Guyana) – that too petered out..   .


ALICE IN WONDERLAND MUST KNOW THAT 80% OF ISRAEL IS MADE WITH KERALA TEMPLE GOLD , STOLEN FROM KING OF CALICUT  , MY HOMETOWN , BY R -  IN THE YEAR 1799.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

NAKED TRUTH TOLD BY A HONEST ISRAELI JEW - A GENERALs SON 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html
ISRAEL  MERI  MAAAAAA  HAI - BOLTHA  HAI  MODI  KA CHEMISTRY WALAH  DOST BAAAAAAAA

Above: OBAMA AND ROMNEY FIGHTING-- I WILL SAVE ISRAEL MORE  -- I WILL KISS ISRAEL MORE 
After the parliamentary elections on 4 December 2011,  a few hundred Zionist funded protesters ( Jews ) came out on the streets alleging electoral fraud  .    This was made out to be thousands of people by R controlled media. Promptly pro-Putin patriotic supporters overwhelmed these paid protestors .
#########################################################
Rkvj
February 4, 2015 at 3:39 PM
hi capt. ji
XXX
sir, do you thinks its a good idea for india to negotiate with israel for only air strikes on isis by indian airforce for dismantling paki nukes by israel.or am i thinking a lot.Thanks in advance sir

ReplyDelete
Replies
#########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 4, 2015 at 6:23 PM
hi rkvj,

IT IS BETTER TO KEEP AWAY FROM ISRAEL.

EVERY FALSE FLAG ATTACK IN RECENT TIMES HAS BEEN A ZIONIST ATTACK.

ALMOST ALL MAJOR INCIDENTS IN MODERN TIMES - HAS BEEN A FALSE FLAG ATTACK.

HINDU/ MUSLIM RIOTS IMMEDIATELY AFTER INDEPENDENCE WAS A FALSE FLAG ATTACK.

INDIA WILL BE DRAWN INTO A MAJOR WAR IN FUTURE BY A ZIONIST FALSE FLAG ATTACK ON PAKISTAN.

ISRAEL HAS ALREADY ATTACKED THE NUKE PLANTS OF IRAQ, SYRIA etc

http://www.timesofisrael.com/israel-uses-17-tons-of-explosives-to-destroy-syrian-reactor/

http://www.military.com/video/operations-and-strategy/air-strikes/israel-bombs-iraqs-nuclear-reactors/1702731700001/

After successfully destroying Iraqi nuclear reactor in 1981, Israelis planned a similar FALSE FLAG attack on Pakistan`s nuclear facilities at Kahuta.    

Israel planned this air strike directly out of Israel.

After midway and midair refueling, Israeli warplanes planned to shoot down a commercial airline`s flight over Indian Ocean that flew into Islamabad early morning, fly in a tight formation to appear as one large aircraft on radar screens preventing detection, use the drowned airliner`s call sign to enter Islamabad`s air space, knock out Kahuta and then fly out –  --

-- THEY PLANNED TO BE SLIMY AND OVERSMART BY REFUELLING IN INDIA SO THAT PAKISANIS SEE THAT THE FIGHTER JETS ARE GOING TOWARDS INDIA AFTER THE ATTACK. .

McNair`s paper #41 published by USAF Air University (India Thwarts Israeli Destruction of Pakistans “Islamic Bomb”) says that Israel's plan to knock out Pakistan`s Kahuta reactor to scuttle the “Islamic bomb” was blocked by Indira Gandhi’s WISE refusal to grant landing and refueling rights to Israeli warplanes in 1982.”

http://nationalinterest.org/feature/surprise-attack-iran-can-israel-do-it-10265

ISRAEL IS MAD ENOUGH TO TRY AND ATTACK IRAN'S NUCLEAR PLANTS. THIS WILL START WORLD WAR 3 --

IN ONE STROKE - USA GETS RID OF ITS 18.1 TRILLION USD DEBT AND ISRAEL PUTS ONE LEG INTO THE PERSIAN GULF , TAKING OVER THE MAJOR IRAQI RIVERS.    

ALREADY ISRAEL HAS STOLEN SYRIA'S MAJOR FRESH WATER RESERVES ON GOLAN HEIGHTS.


ISRAEL IS A CRIMINAL NATION RUN BY WAR CRIMINALS.


TODAY ISRAELs MILITARY HITMEN AND FRENCH LEGION HITMEN COME TO INDIA WITH VISA ON ARRIVAL -- PAINTING CRITICAL CO-ORDINATES .


IN 1998/ 99 THESE JEWS WERE FOND OF THE GOVERNOR OF GOA . Lieutenant General JFR Jacob (Jacob-Farj-Rafael Jacob) is a former governor of the Indian state of Goa.


http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=a12JnKt1Pwlc&refer=uk


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/false-flag-attack-on-iran-could-trigger.html


INDIA DOES NOT NEED ISRAEL -- ISRAEL NEEDS US.


WHY IS APCO MODI TRYING TO HUG ZIONIST WAR CRIMINALS ?  WE KNOW !!

THE MOMENT ISRAEL BOMBS PAKISTANI NUKE FACILITIES , PAKISTAN WILL RETALIATE ON INDIAN NUCLEAR PLANTS-  100% SURE  .


INDIA CAN TAKE ON PAKISTAN , BUT CHINA WILL BE DRAWN IN BY USA   .


capt ajit vadakayil
..
Below: Syrian nuclear reactor ( Operation Orchard )


Below: Iraqi nuclear reactor ( Operation Opera) My ship carried parts of this plant - we landed it in Kuwait directly on to huge trucks with dozens of large wheels - which took off straight to Iraq.  


#########################################################
Maria Ray
February 4, 2015 at 6:22 PM
When they were Robbed Us blindly...we were iinnocents and ignorant....its ok

They brutally killed us...because our own people were on their side ....this was not fare.

They are now trying to friends with us
...and wants to repeats history again.....

After coming in touch with this blog ..
we are not ignorant....we are innocent but not fools....moreovers we are not GANDHI ....we know difference between Courage and Coward better....

If they still doing the same things again and again

We soon Become BRUTAL PATRIOTS

ReplyDelete
Replies
########################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

February 4, 2015 at 6:58 PM
hi mr,

R CREATED GANDI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.

R USED THEM AS CURRY LEAVES - AND ELIMINATED THEM AFTER USE.

GODSE WAS A CHITPAVAN JEW.

HIS ASHES ARE STILL IN INDIA- SO EASY TO DO A DNA TEST.

GODSE WAS NOT PART OF RSS - I KNOW BECAUSE MY FATHER ( WHO WAS PART OF FREEDOM FIGHTING RSS TILL GANDHI WAS KILLED ) TOLD ME.

MY FATHER WAS A NEHRU FAMILY LOYALIST - MY LAST VOTE WAS FOR SONIA GANDHI-- I KICKED THIS PARTY THE DAY WIKIPEDIA REVEALED THAT RAHUL GANDHI TOLD THE US AMBASSADOR THAT RSS IS WORSE THAN LASHKAR E TOIBA .

RSS IS A PATRIOTIC ORGANISATION.

LET IS A FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANISATION.

TODAY , I AM WATCHING LITTLE BO PEEP--

I WANT TO SEE HOW MUCH OUR APCO GUJJU MODEL WILL HUG AND KISS BAAAAAA NO 2 ( BENJAMIN NETANYAHU ) -- WHOSE SOLE OBJECTIVE IS TO TAKE OUT THE NUKES OF IRAN/ PAKISTAN AND PUT THE BLAME ON INDIA –

----DRAWING INDIA INTO A MAJOR WAR .

IF THERE ARE NO WARS INDIA WILL BE NO 1 SUPERPOWER OF THIS PLANET IN 20 YEARS .

DOES NOT ALICE IN WONDERLAND KNOW THAT IRAN IS SHIA -AND PAKISTAN IS SUNNI ?

WHY DID MODI REFUSE TO MEET IRAN'S PRESIDENT RAUHANI WHEN HE WANTED TO MEET MODI IN USA , WHILE HE MET BENJAMIN NETANYAHU ?

http://www.dnaindia.com/india/report-india-rubs-iran-the-wrong-way-rice-farmers-pay-the-price-2044940

WHAT TYPE OF NAIVE APCO BRANDED PRIME MINISTER DOES INDIA HAVE, WHO FAILED TO UNDERSTAND THAT IRAN IS PAKISTANs NEIGHBOUR AND THEY ARE LIKE OIL / WATER ( SHIA / SUNNI ) ?

IS MODI THE RIGHT MAN TO PROTECT BHARATMATA ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..
NOT WITHSTANDING WHAT I WROTE ABOVE, I ASK MY DELHI READERS TO VOTE FOR BJP ( KIRAN BEDI ) -SHE CRIED TODAY BECAUSE SHE IS SURE OF LOSING .   MODI THOUGHT THAT BY HUGGING BAAAAA AND R STOOGE ABBOT INDIANS WILL GET MAHAAA IMPRESSED .

Jewish people have no historical claim to the land of Israel, which was inhabited by Judeans who are NOT Jews.  They are not the biblical Hebrews and they are certainly not ‘Semites’.  .



They don’t originate from biblical Israel, but from a Sumerian people who became known as the ‘Khazars’ from Georgia which was once ruled by Indian Emperor Vikramadita in 7000 BC. 

The quintessential  ‘Jewish nose’ is not a genetic trait of Israel, but the Caucasus.  The Khazars , the ancestors of Rothschild , spoke a Turkic language.  Khazars to be descendants of the Turkic tribe, known as the Huns or Hun, that invaded and savaged Europe from Asia around AD 450.

They made their living as traders and ‘middlemen’, levying exhorbitant taxes on the spice goods which originated from Kerala , my home state , carried on the trade routes through their lands.

Their influence in Eastern Europe extended well into the countries we now know as Poland, Czechoslovakia, Austria, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria . The Khazars were once worhippers of the Shiva Lingam, before they became Jews.

The Khazars were once worhippers of the Shiva Lingam, before they became Jews. 


In about AD 740, the King of Khazaria, King Bulan, adopted the religion of Judaism and the whole nation did the same. Their home was not the Dead Sea, but the Caspian Sea, which became known as the `Khazar Sea’.

Khazars were instrumental in the creation of the Magyar homeland of Hungary.   Names like the Russian Cossack and the Hungarian Hussar came from ‘Khazar’, as did the German for heretic, Ketzer.  

An ancient traditional pre-Christian account of Hungarian origins says they are the descendants of the Babylonian Nimrod. 

The legend claims that Nimrod had two sons, Magor and Hunor.   It is said that Magor was the ancestor of the Magyars and Hunor was the ancestor of the Huns, so providing the common origin of the Magyars and the Huns (Khazars).  

Over the centuries of waning power and influence, the Khazar peoples began to emigrate in many directions.   The Khazar ‘Jews’ were confined to ghettos as a result of papal dictat in the mid-16th century. ..

Some of these immigrants went by the name of Bauer, now known as the Rothschilds.   The family quickly took control of the financial and trade foundations of Europe. 

They are Sephardic Jews and they do have an historical connection to the Middle East, although, even then, the idea of a ‘chosen race’ going back to biblical Israel still doesn’t stand up.

The Ashkenazim (‘Khazars’) hold the reins of power in Israel and have done so since the country was created in 1948. 

Every Israeli prime minister has been an Ashkenazi Khazar—NOT a single one  is Judean.  

In the centuries after the demise of Khazaria, the Ashkenazi did not speak the Semitic language of Hebrew, which is no surprise at all because they were not Hebrews.

They developed their own tongue called Yiddish.  Yiddish, the language of the Ashkenazi, did not come from Israel, but from Germany and Eastern Europe—

-- never mind what the spin doctors of R have written..   

Thanks to the internet, millions of people are slowly beginning to understand the relationship between the Illuminati and the central banking Zionist cartel who control the US Federal Reserve.

The European Parliamentary building in Strasburg, France shown below is modeled upon the famous painting by Pieter Brueghel 'The Tower of Babel' -

It has been designed to resemble an unfinished building complete with rings around its exterior appearing similar to scaffolding.    The Tower of Babel was never finished. 

R MEDIA STILL GIVES PROPAGANDA that R is a descendant of Nimrod ( SIC SIC SIC !!!) .  And that Nimrod was the first to teach the arts of masonry as in the tower of Babel.   Nimrod was a  Mesopotamian king who founded the city of Babylon and established the first great empire after Noah's flood. 

His commissioning the creation of the Tower of Babel in direct opposition to God, a direct challenge. Nimrod sought to turn men away from God by setting up a tyrannical government and setting up a new religion.

In fact, the new religion centered around Nimrod and his mother-become-wife Semiramis. These two/three eventually evolved into Baal worship from which all the pagan religions of the Middle East and Europe later developed.  Nimrod is thus the primary founder of Masonry.

Freemasons  are required to take the "Oath of Nimrod", as a part of the initiation process for the "indentured apprentice".   English Freemasons substituted 'Nimrod' for the name of Lucifer.

And the Tower of Babel is nothing but the Hindu concept of Mount Meru--the churning rod of Samudra Manthan.

At the end of WWII there was a committee that was sent out throughout Europe to do a study of all of the churches that had been destroyed by the war, and they discovered to their shock that 95% of the big churches were built on Pagan ( Hindu ) temple basements, all built on the occult points of Vaastu. This provided a big boost for Pagan and occult spin doctors.

After the great flood, Nimrod was the founder of both Babylon and Nineveh, the two great cities of antiquity which became, ultimately, enemies of Israel.
When Nimrod died his wife Semiramis  realised that  without him she might lose power, so she devised a clever plan.  Semiramis got herself pregnant with another man. 

She told everyone that the child in her womb was none other than Nimrod being reborn.  This was the beginning of the greatest perversion...the concept of  a 'father/son' deity. 

Since Semiramis  became pregnant a few months after Nimrod's death, to cover up her bull story she claimed that her baby was Nimrod re-incarnated.  So now she claimed that she was both the Father and the son.  The divine mother who gave birth to this divine son was Isis, the Egyptian name for Semiramis. 

These three—Osiris (Nimrod), Isis (Semiramis) and Horus (the son)- came to be exalted as a triad of deities y of gods. \




One of the Rothschild even had Nimrod in his name , for good measure --Albert Anselm Salomon Nimrod de Rothschild (1922 - 1938) –how do you like that?. 

SNIFF!



In Babylon it was Nimrod, Semiramas, and Tammuz. In Egypt it was Osiris,  Isis, and Horus.  In Plato's philosophy it was the Unknown Father, Nous/Logos, and the world. The Greek triad was composed of Zeus, Athena and Apollo. Romans had their Trinity of Jupiter, Mercury and Venus. 

All this  is basically a very crude and vulgar lift of the Pagan (Hindu)  god trinity of Brahma ( the creator)—Vishnu ( the preserver ) –Shiva ( the destroyer ) . The female equivalent are their wives of Saraswati- Laxmi- Parvati.

TIME FOR SOME LIGHT HUMOR—SO MUCH DIRT HAS MADE US SERIOUS  .
Khader Khan had punch dialogues in Bollywood movie.
If you ask him the way to some place—he would tell you and terminate his sentences with CHOONA LAGAAKE .  ( saste mein – no need to spend money on condom )
It would even be –
PARAATHA PHAADKE
DHOTI PHAADKE
Etc
NOW WE HAVE A NEW TERM THANKS TO OUR LITTLE BO PEEP WHO TAKES ALL WORLD LEADERS TO SPIN THE GANDHI CHARKA.
It is
CHAKRKA GHUMAAKE
SUB DELHI WALE ,  KIRAN BEDI KO VOTE DENA –  CHARKA GUMAKE !
TEE HEEEEEEEEEEEE !

I WANT EVERY READER OF MINE TO READ THE POST BELOW-

BEES ARE BEING EXTERMINATED AS A DEPOPULATION MEASURE .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html

Capt Ajit Vadakayil PREDICTS that planet earth will become uninhabitable if we allow GM crops.

The reason is they kill bees .

Where ever GM corn has been planted ,  bees have died enmasse .

There are deadly bee killing insecticide ( neonicotinoids  ) Imidacloprid and Clothianidin which must be studied immediately..

They  seep into pollen and nectar, damaging beneficial insects such as bees.

Neonicotinoid pesticides kill honeybees by damaging their immune system, making them unable to fight diseases and bacteria.

A third of everything we eat is pollinated by bees and other beneficial insects. This accounts for over 30 billion in the global economy.

If bees die, our food supplies die, too.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/queen-bee-and-darwin-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/honey-quantum-food-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

REPEATING -
THIS BLOG SITE WANTS ALL DELHI READERS TO CANVASS FOR BJP ( KIRAN BEDI ) 
AK-49 WILL DESTROY INDIA , IF HE GETS A TOE HOLD IN POLITICS .

ZIONIST INFLUENCE -

RANVEER SINGH SHOWING HIS ASS TO KARAN JOHAR.

ALL CHUTNEY MARYS ( check out the AXIS BANK face Deepika Padukone ) CANT STOP LAUGHING .




ARRGH PTHEEOOOYY !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html
BELOW : IS THIS HUMOR ? WHY IS EVERYBODY LAUGHING ?

“Karan is here tonight because we told him he’d get fucked by 10 dudes in front of 4,000 people.” SO FUNNY !


ALL THESE STARLETS WHO LAUGH AND SUPPORT HOMOSEXUALITY,  WILL GET SPONSORED BY BENAMI MEDIA ON PRIME TIME.

Is APCO Modi and ZIONIST DARLING  Arun Jaitley in cahoots ?

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

I ASK THAT PUTIN IMMEDIATELY TAKE ALL MEASURES TO PROTECT GREEK PM ALEXIS TSIPRAS – OR HE WILL BE ASSASSINATED BY ZIONISTS.

The renewal of sanctions against Russia requires the unanimous support of EU members… which means Obama’s alliance against Russia needs Greek cooperation.

What’s more, Greece has veto power over whether NATO can retaliate for an attack on any of its members.


Article V, which states, “[A]n armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all,” may only be invoked with unanimous agreement among NATO members.


Greece and Russia have close cultural and religious ties, and Russia is Greece’s largest trading partner. Russia’s ambassador to Athens didn’t waste any time congratulating Greece’s new prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, on his victory.

The FREE WORLD wants Putin to take the lead in dismantling this FOUL LIE --  of SIX MILLION  JEWS killed by Hitler during WW2 .

THE ZIONISTS NEED DETERRANCE.    BRICS MUST DECLARE THAT WHEN THEY COME TO HOLD THE REINS OF POWER (WHICH IS VERY SOON UNLESS ISRAEL DARLING MODI SPLINTERS IT  ) WAR CRIMINALS AND CULTURAL TERRORISTS WILL BE BROUGHT TO NATURAL  JUSTICE  .


Above:  35.45 THE KHAZARS WERE PHALLUS WORSHIPPERS ( SHIVA LINGAM ) 



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html
Below:  LIBYA - SYRIA - IRAN- PAKISTAN (  END OF INDIAs ASPIRATIONS TO BE WORLD NO 1 SUPER POWER   )


Why have we Indians allowed R to re-write our history after destroying our glorious past.

Just an example?

R DELETED the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu ,  Lord Ayyappa and INSERTED a mere mortal Buddha who had to struggle for salvation.  An avatar of Vishnu does NOT struggle for salvation- he goes on his own terms , on his own turf, on his own timetable.

R created fake sculptures in Hindu temples- showing Buddha as the 9th avatar of Vishnu .

Sabarimala pilgrimage is in honour of Lord Ayyappa – the largest pilgrimage on this planet. Even Kumbh Mela comes second .

Let me quote Wikipedia –
QUOTE : Sabarimala is a Hindu pilgrimage center located in the Western Ghat mountain ranges of Pathanamthitta District, Perunad grama panchayat in Kerala. It is the largest annual pilgrimage in the world with an estimated 50 million devotees visiting every year.[1][2] : UNQUOTE

The white invader DELETED Lord Ayyappa and even made him a product of a homosexual union between Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu.  

We has a TRIPLE SRI coming on NDTV and telling Indians – that this is indeed true.   We know who has opened hundred of branches world wide for him.
Today more pilgrims from Karnataka, Tamil Nadu , Telengana and Andhra Pradesh go for Sabarimala pilgrimage than people from Kerala.

In Udupi there is a FAKE R created mutt.

R created dozens of such fake mutts to splinter Hindus and DIVIDE AND RULE.  R created 330 million FAKE Hindu gods for us to worship.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html

So couple of years ago I went to the FAKE Udupi mutt- where R created the FAKE and backdated Madhvacharya, his FAKE Dvaita Hindusim  and the FAKE Krishna idol which he fished out from the sea 700 years ago  —displacing Lord Ayyappa’s idol.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhvacharya

If you go to Udipi Mutt ( Sri Krishna temple ) when you enter the temple , you have the temple pond on the right side.  Look on the left side and you can see an impressive Shiva temple just about 40 metres away.

Enter this temple and straight awy you can see the main Shiva Lingam in the inner sanctum.  Now turn left and go around the Parikrama- clockwise . At the first corner take a narrow entrance and in a non-descript room is kept the 5500 year old  stone idol of Lord Ayyappa.

 So I called a pujari and asked him.

What is this idol ?

He said in Hindi “ This is Lord Ayyappa and this statue is more than 5500 years old “

Then I asked him “ In the Krishna temple outside where there is a terrible rush of pilgrims , including ISKON white pilgrims , there is a black stone idol , what is it ?”

He tells me about Madhvacharya and the idol he fished out of the sea 700 years ago.

I asked him “ So this 5500 year old statue was shifted out just to accommodate a stone idol found in the sea 700 years ago ?”

The poor man ( priest ) was totally non plussed  Then he lit up the lamps and gave my wife prasadam .

If any of my Mangalore or Udipi readers go to the Udupi Mutt check this out next time.  People from Karnataka do NOT need to come all the way to South Kerala.  You have a powerful idol here . This is about SCALAR ENERGY and you will NOT understand.

The last time I went there , they have a proper board telling that the idol of Lord Ayyappa is at this corner - still kept on a side room like a pariah.


All people from Kerala know is that Ayyappa disappeared at a young age .  At the same time VISITOR GOD emerged in Egypt. This man IMHOTEP was more powerful and more respected than the mighty Pharoah.  He was also an ace architect, surgeon, astronomer , healer etc.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/imhotep-patron-saint-of-freemasons-capt.html

Jesus Christ was at Kodungallur university in Kerala ( the cultural centre of the Calicut king ) learning Reiki healing – which uses Scalar energy.  Our DNA can be a transducer for scalar energy .   

Our 12 strand DNA NIL junk Maharishis were great healers.   Earthly avatars of Vishnu like Lord Ayyappa ( Lord Rama, Lord Krishna, Lord Parashurama ) had more than 13 strand DNA .

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AFY3QItrRg


Reiki works even with 2 strand 97% junk DNA.   A Reiki healer is just a channel . My wife is a Reiki healer . 
I know . 
R used two of his Jewish oligarchs to monopolise Russian media .  Since Putin started putting the heat on Zionist propaganda, two big cats Boris Berezovsky and Vladimir Gusinsky, had to surrender their media empires and flee the country.  

When BRICS come into being they must break the R monopoly in communications , media, peer review history, movies , pharma,  world awards , International courts , stock markets , banking etc- with or without Israel darling Modi.

R has given political asylum to Russian oligarch Boris Abramovich Berezovsky  in UK in 2003.  Zionists can do anything-  but Putin cannot give asylum to Snowden, right ?. 

Berezovsky made his fortune in Russia in the 1990s by stealing , when the country went through privatization of state property.   Boris Yeltsin watched this man plunder Russia .  He got  Boris Yeltsin to give him Russian state assets  for a fraction of their value.

Berezovsky was deputy secretary of Russia's security council, a friend of Boris Yeltsin's influential daughter Tatyana.   Berezovsky was found dead at his home, Titness Park, at Sunninghill, near Ascot in Berkshire, on 23 March 2013. His Mossad body guards could NOT save someone from wringing his fat neck.   

Although the corpse of Berezovsky was found on the bathroom floor, and there was NO rope hanging from the ceiling. Forensic report states that he died from hanging, and not, for example, from a heart attack or poisoning. So, he was hanged in a different place, and the corpse was dragged and dropped to the floor in his bathroom. There is NO other explanation.


Israeli citizen Vladimir Aleksandrovich Gusinsky was another R stooge. In May 2004 the R controlled European Court of Human Rights has ruled that the actions taken against Gusinski by the Russian government were in breach of Sections 5 and 18 of the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms

TODAY THE ZIONISTS HAVE DECLARED PUTIN MAD.

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2015/02/04/putin-aspergers-syndrome-study-pentagon/22855927/

A study from a Pentagon think tank theorizes that Russian President Vladimir Putin has Asperger's syndrome, "an autistic disorder which affects all of his decisions," according to the 2008 report obtained by USA TODAY. .
.

Putin's "neurological development was significantly interrupted in infancy," wrote Brenda Connors, an expert in movement pattern analysis at the U.S. Naval War College in Newport, R.I. Studies of his movement, Connors wrote, reveal "that the Russian President carries a neurological abnormality.". 

.
Above: Sorry - it will NOT work-- hero Putin has NONE of these symptoms.
The 2008 study was one of many by Connors and her colleagues, who are contractors for the Office of Net Assessment (ONA), an internal Pentagon think tank that helps devise long-term military strategy. The 2008 report and a 2011 study were provided to USA TODAY as part of a Freedom of Information Act request.

R STOOGE WINSTON CHURCHILL, (  WITH A R FAMILY MOTHER - JENNY JEROME ) HAD DECLARED BOTH HITLER AND HIS DEPUTY HESS MAD.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

Rudolf Walter Richard Hess was the No 2 man of Hitler's cabinet. Hitler had willed that in case he dies, Hess was to step into his shoes. . 

.
Most of us know that Winston Churchill ( his mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild ) , General Eisenhower ( called in the academy as Swedish Jew,while actually he is German Jew ) ) and President FD Roosevelt ( Dutch Jewish ancestory ) were all Zionist Jews, totally controlled by Zionists Rothschild and their Jewish agents like Democrat US Senator Henry Morgenthau and Bernard Baruch . .

.

Millions know that Rothschild Jew financier Barnard Baruch installed Winston Churchill and President Roosevelt on their thrones, and that they danced to his tunes . .

.

We all know that honourable General Patton was murdered as he was about to expose the death camps of Ike after the war, where 1.7 million Germans were starved

Hitler and Hess tried their best  to stop the war spiralling out of control, with Rothschild Jew financing both sides.

Hitler sent Hess as his personal emissary to make a splash in Britain's news papers , so that the common man knows what is going on . Churchill did NOT want any peace. .

.

Hess was privately distressed by the war with the United Kingdom because he, in line with earlier statements by Hitler himself, hoped that Britain would accept Germany as an ally.  English royalty was all of German blood .

On the eve of war with the Soviet Union, he flew solo to Scotland , with a message for peace from Hitler himself.  Hess was arrested and became a POW.  On 10 May 1941, at about 6:00pm, Hess took off from Augsburg in a Messerschmitt Bf 110 (radio code VJ+OQ) which he had equipped with drop tanks to increase its range. 

Hess crash landed at Floors Farm near Eaglesham at 23.09pm and gave his name as "Alfred Horn", a friend of the Duke of Hamilton; he asked to be taken to the Duke. Hess, however, was taken to hospital for injuries sustained during his descent. Hamilton was informed of the prisoner and visited him whereupon he revealed his true identity. Hamilton immediately contacted Winston Churchill, and informed him of the Deputy Führer's arrival.

The wreckage of the aircraft was salvaged by 63 Maintenance Unit between 11 and 16 May 1941. The aeroplane was found to be armed with machine guns in the nose but there was no ammunition on board. .

.

Hess was quoted by his wife Ilse as saying:

"My coming to England in this way is, as I realise, so unusual that nobody will easily understand it. I was confronted by a very hard decision. I do not think I could have arrived at my final choice unless I had continually kept before my eyes the vision of an endless line of children's coffins with weeping mothers behind them, both English and German, and another line of coffins of mothers with mourning children”

Churchill sent Hess initially to the Tower of London making Hess the last in the long line of prominent people to be held in the 900 year-old fortress.  Churchill's instructions were that Hess should be strictly isolated, and that every effort should be taken to get any information out of him . 

 .  .

Rudolf Hess was a British prisoner of war before the holocaust started, before the German attack on Russia, before Pearl Harbour, so neither the Jews, the Russians nor the Americans can have had much of a case against Hess. .

.
Above: Rudolf Hess was a gentleman with great compassion-declared mad and murdered in prison.
There absolute evidence with several witnesses testifying that Hess who was DECLARED MAD  by Churchill was never mad but was subjected to drug assisted interrogations which upset the balance of his mind .

 .Above: No 2 converted to No 3 --this is what happens when media is monopolised 
Below: When you click on the Youttube video link below -- the internet tell you that the video is OFFENSIVE !

BELOW: WILL THIS PLANET EVER FORGET THIS GOOD MAN ?



Little Bo Peep Modi must know this.  

The construction of a pipeline at a cost of 80 billion USD ,  to be jointly funded by Russia and China, was signed off on by President Putin in Shanghai on 21 May 2014.  It would be the biggest construction project in the world for the following 4 years, Putin said at the time.  

On completion the pipeline would deliver natural gas from the state-majority-owned Gazprom to China's state-owned China National Petroleum Corporation for the next 30 years, in a deal worth 400 Billion USD.

In a war with China , do NOT expect Russia to come in running to fight for us. This is why we must adderss our border dispute and sign a pact that there will be NO border skirmishes. When Modi visits China in May 2015, the Zionist funded Indian BENAMI media will give FAKE reports of Chinese incursions.



In a war with China USA will hope both India and China destroy themselves so that USA can continue being No 1 super power on the planet and also get rid of their 18.1 TRILLION USD national debt. .

Dhirendra Pandey
February 5, 2015 at 4:00 PM
Burning alive of Jordanian pilot by ISIS is not a simple act of revenge but is directed towards inciting Jordan to launch full blown military action in Syria and Iraq. By this way Jordan too will be drawn into civil war. A large segment of Bedouins might side with ISIS for religious considerations.Significant portion of Palestinian refugees might also be drawn into it. A Black September like situation can again surface there. Jordanian king should analyse the pros and cons of every step he wishes to take.
And our PM Modi should observe and understand what's going on at those places.

ReplyDelete
Replies
##############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 5, 2015 at 4:26 PM
hi dp,

israel and the zionists are in sh#t street as the white christian man is going against them slowly and surely .

the englishman has voted that israel is the worst country on this planet - and iran is FAR FAR better.

the whole world knows that ISIS is armed and funded by zionists with the air of some arab kingdoms whose kings money ( stolen from the people ) is in zionist banks.

the zionists are busy conducting false-flag operations in france, canada, germany, australia, nigeria, eritrea, pakistan and several other countries to demonize Islam and Muslims.

THE INTERNET SAVVY FREE WORLD KNOWS THE MEANING OF A FALSE FLAG ATTACK AND PROPAGANDA BY EMBEDDED REPORTERS.

when india and pakistan fight--israel wins. kashmir problem is raked up by Zionist stooges in the garb of islamist leaders .

ISIS WAS CREATED TO COUNTER SHIA IRAN.

DESPITE ALL NATO/ ZIONIST BOMBING-- ISIS IS NOT BOTHERED -- AS THEIR LOCAL ALLIES ISLAMISTS ARE THE ONES GETTING HIT.

THE SEA PIRACY IN SOMALIA WAS SUSTAINED BY ZIONISTS --WHILE THEY STOLE URANIUM AND THORIUM .

zionist airstrikes inside Syrian and Lebanese territories serves two objects, A) help ISIS to continue their task od driving a wedge between shia/ sunnis and B) incite its neighbors to retaliate Israeli terrorism.

israel has stolen syria's fresh water reserves from golan heights-- the whole world is bling to this.

when BRICS comes to power-- the war criminals will be brought to justice.

that is is israeli darling modi does NOT splinter BRICS.

low how rothschild splintered hindusim into smithereens- in 200 years flat .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
CZAR PUTIN IS NOW GREATER THAN PETER THE GREAT,   FOR PUTIN WILL LEAVE A GREATER LEGACY  


BEFORE YELTSIN DIED  HE GAVE SOME VALUABLE LESSONS TO HIS PROTÉGÉ PUTIN. 








By showing great courage and human spirit , against the cunning and evil Jewish oligarchs, Putin has proved that he is greater than Peter the Great- for  Putin saved Russia from enemies both within and without.
After Russia’s victory in the Great Northern War with rival empire Sweden (1700–1721), Peter declared his state an empire, and its ruler an emperor. R ussia engaged in active cultural, commercial, and political contacts with European states.  Peter made Russia a modern nation.

He built the foundations of Russia’s  armed forces , that it is the strongest on this planet today.

He captured a warm water port so that Russia could export her goods—yes- St Petersberg . He needed a better seaport than Arkhangelsk, which was on the White Sea to the north and closed to shipping for months during the winter. On September 1, 1914, after the outbreak of World War I, the Imperial government renamed the city Petrograd, meaning "Peter's City", to remove the German words Sankt and Burg.

In 1918, after killing the czar and his lovely family , the Bolshevik Jews shifted the  central government bodies moved from Saint Petersburg to Moscow. On January 26, 1924, five days after Lenin's death, Petrograd was renamed Leningrad by the murdering Jews.

During World War II, German forces besieged Leningrad following the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941. The siege lasted 872 days, from September 1941 to January 1944. The Siege of Leningrad proved one of the longest, most destructive, and most lethal sieges of a major city in modern history.



Peter was the first Czar  to organize a standing army for Russia.  Peter Alekseevich Romanov was born in June 1672 and died at the age of 53 in his beloved town of St Petersburg.  .

.

Though his life was relatively short, the works of his mind, ambition and will have affected the country of Russia to its present course. Peter the Great pushed his constituents through new laws, reforms and his attempts to bring modernity to his country.

Peter Alekseevich Romanov was born in June 1672 and died at the age of 53 in his beloved town of St Petersburg. Though his life was relatively short, the works of his mind, ambition and will have affected the country of Russia to its present course.  Peter the Great pushed his constituents through new laws, reforms and his attempts to bring modernity to his country.

Peter focused on the development of science and recruited several experts to educate his people about technological advancements. He concentrated on developing commerce and industry. he modernized the Russian alphabet, introduced the Julian calendar, and established the first Russian newspaper.

Peter acquired territory in Estonia, Latvia and Finland; and through several wars with Turkey in the south, he secured access to the Black Sea. In 1709, he defeated the Swedish army by purposely directing their troops to the city of Poltva, in the midst of an unbearable Russian winter.

In 1712, Peter established the city of St. Petersburg on the Neva River and moved the capital there from its former location in Moscow. Shortly after, St. Petersburg was deemed Russia's "window to Europe." Under Peter's rule, Russia became a great European nation.

In 1721, he proclaimed Russia an empire and was accorded the title of Emperor of All Russia, Great Father of the Fatherland, and "the Great." Although he proved to be an effective leader, Peter the Great died on February 8, 1725, without nominating an heir.

THIS IS A MISTAKE PUTIN MUST NOT REPEAT. 

Peter is entombed in the Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, located in in St. Petersburg.  I have been there.

Peter the Great’s sheer physical presence seemed to indicate the way his rule would go. He was nearly 7 feet tall , powerful and very broad.   He was fifty-two years, seven months old when he died, having reigned forty-two years.
Ishan
February 5, 2015 at 8:44 PM
Here is the list of Jews who are holding Ukraine currently, they are governing indirectly by Nazis and calling this takeover as Neo-Nazi which is a diversion from their Jew agenda.

President-Poroshenko (Vlatsman) - Jew
President Turchinov (Kogan) - Jew
Prime Minister - Yatsenyuk (Buckeye) - Jew
Minister of Finance - Alexander Shlapak - Jew
Secretary of national security and Defence - Andrew Parubiy- Jew
Vice Prime Minister - Vladimir Groisman - a Jew
Interior Minister Arsen Avakov - Armenian Jew
Minister of Culture - Sergei Nischuk - Jew
Mason - Director of the National Bank - Stepan Kubiv - Jew
Head of the Administration of President - Sergey Pashinskiy- Jew

The main presidential candidates from the opposition:
Yulia Tymoshenko (Celia Kapitelman) - Jewish
Vitali Klitschko (Etinzon) - a Jew by his father
Oleg Tyagnibok (Frotman) - a Jew mom
Dmitry (Avdimou) Yarosh - Jew Hasid

Fun fact - US congressional hearing played a reverse psychology too. They perfectly knew it was a Jew take over, but while questioning Victoria Nuland in March, last year, they asked her "is it true that US is supporting Nazis in Kiev...". They played it well enough last year.

ReplyDelete
Replies
##############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 5, 2015 at 9:38 PM
hi i,

THE WHITE CHRISTIAN MAN IS NOW ANGRY-

FOR HE KNOWS HIS FATHER AND GRANDFATHER WAS FOOLED INTO FIGHTING BOTH WORLD WARS BY R SPONSORED JEWS / ZIONISTS –

--JUST TO CARVE OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL .

today they know the TRUTH thanks to the internet.

they are NOT gonna believe that putin is MAD.

the acts of JEWISH CULTURAL TERRORISM in palestine is now known to all.

the jews SUCKED OUT THE GROUND WATER to make palestinians despair.

thousands of centuries old Palestinian olive trees have been hacked off using chain saws- R controlled media has blacked this TRUTH out.

no fishing is allowed on the gaza strip.    all palestinian produce have to go through Jewish middle-men, the art they have perfected over the millenniums.

jews can can arrest any palestinian without a warrant, and deliberately postpone court hearings.

palestinian children dont have any school to go to.

palestinians are referred to as terrorists in their own land.

AIPAC is more powerful than republicans or democrats - they literally own US  congress.

US congress gave 29 lengthy standing ovations to arrogant bully benjamin netanyahu when he spoke in congress on May 24, 2011-- just try sitting and standing 29 times, yourself .

it so so well orchestrated— some APIAC jews would stand up and start clapping, and then the rest would follow like sheep in George Orwell's classic Animal Farm..

video cameras were recording the audience movements, and if anybody continued sitting , the chances of him/ her being in the congress again is very remote . they could even be snuffed out -- such is the muscle of AIPAC.

so much for american democracy. -    all march to israel’s drum---

america's psychological attachment to Israel has weakened america's political culture and american society as a whole.

the whole world knows that it is absurd for america to bully and attack iran, which does not have any nuclear weapons, while it shields israel, a nation that has more than 400 nuclear weapons and has stated that it will use them if push came to shove, even against EU nations.

when BRICS takes over this planet--  KOSHER CHICKENS WILL COME HOME TO ROOST.

capt ajit vadakayil
.. 

.

Taslima RushdieFebruary 6, 2015 at 3:49 AM
Captain Ajitji sadar pranam:

Watched the ridiculous Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat first episode on the youtube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWld2rSEwz8

The comments section makes it clear that people try to learn history from such bullshit serials. Can't the new CBFC chairman and members curb this nonsense depiction of already distorted history?

... Taslima Rushdie
#########################################
Hi tr,

I want my other readers to know that what TR means is that Emperor Ashoka from whom we derived our National emblems NEVER EXISTED .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

Taslima, just yesterday someone asked me “ Captain, you said you will re-write history even before you started your first blog on Nikola Tesla . So what is your greatest anchievemnt in re-writing history so far”?

I said – “ I have already archived it . Even I I had stopped writing my blog posts a year ago, my main gaol was achieved  “

This is why.

PREVIOUSLY THE INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA AND OUR INDIAN HISTORIANS NEVER WROTE ABOUT THE CONTRIBUTION OF INDIAN SOLDIERS IN BOTH WORLD WARS .  .

 THE REASON IS THAT THEY NEEDED TO DELETE AN EVENT WHICH HAPPENED IN 1946, WHICH WOULD PUT R STOOGE GANDHI IN POOR LIGHT.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-indian-navy-mutiny-of-1946-only-war.html

When Indians were NOT interested in recording TRUE history , why should the white man write about it.

I have got Wikipedia and main stream media to accept that 1.3 million Indian soldiers fought in WW1 and 2.5 million Indian soldiers fought in WW2.

THIS IS THE GREATEST ACHIEVEMENT OF THIS BLOG SITE –AMONG MORE THAN 200 OTHERS.

What the R monopolized media has NOT yet accepted is that 111000 Indian soldiers died in WW1 and 243000 Indian soldiers died in WW2 and that Gandhi recruited these soldiers and APPLIED HIS BIZARRE SELECTIVE AHIMSA ( NON VIOLENCE ) – kill only Germans who have done NO harm to Bharatmata but NOT to kill the while Invader , who robbed Bharatmata blind in 200 years.

Previously dead and alive Indian soldiers were counted among the donkeys and the mules.

I started researching on this subject as early as 1975. I had a Sikh cadet ( let us call him S )  a shipmate. We were at Odessa ogling the thousands of Russian girls in their swim wear , when he told me a story which makes me laugh even now.

His grandfather was a WW1 model , a very old man- but in robust health. So one day he teased his 7 year old sister. She went crying to her grandfather and complained.  My friend S was hiding under the cot- as his old grandfather could get angry very fast – he would cool down too equally fast.

So the old man pacifies his granddaughter in the presence of her mother ( his daughter ) – AANE DE BHENCHOD KO-  USKA MAA CHODH DEGA HUM –while twirling his moustache.

Then the little girl asks him –tugging at his huge mustache which covered his mouth.

DAADA JI DAADA JI  TERA MOONH KITHE ?

Old man loses his temper lifting up his luxurious moustache and revealing his mouth –
YEH KYA HAI – YEH TERI MAA KI PUDDHI HAI KYA ?

I never got fed up with his WW1 model hilarious grandfather stories.

So then he told me another story—when his grandfather was young he came back for a flying visit in the middle of war , because his mother died .  He did some religious ceremonies and then he went back within  week , to fight WW1 in foreign land of Europe within  week .

He left behind a heavy canvas kit bag and his small daughter took out a huge and heavy contraption –which has a huge drinking cup type thing at one end. The whole day all in the house were trying to figure out what it is.  It was shaped like the coal fired iron they sued to press their clothes.

So finally one neighbor sardaarji  told with great confidence—Oh yes, I know –that hollow thing is a coal holder . You must put coal into it and set it on fire and then the iron will become hot and you can iron your clothes.  

.

So the remaining part of the day some 6 people were trying to do this. It was days later that someone found that there was an electrical cord with a plug too in the bag , nicely coiled and kept in a paper bag.

Their village had NO electricity and this ELECTRIC IRON was of NO use. They were all mortally afraid what would happen when he came back on leave again. But the poor guy was wounded in Europe and he had forgotten about the iron.

At that time I had told him to write to his mother and ask her father , how many Indians fought with him those days . 

.

The answer was –

ONLY INDIANS FOUGHT – THE COWARDLY WHITE SOLDIER WAS DIGGING TRENCHES IN SAFE PLACES. THE COWARDLY ARMY OFFICERS WOULD ONLY GIVE ORDERS FROM SAFE PLACES - USING WHITE MESSENGER LOWER RANK OFFICERS .

.

Now I remember the Russian girls in thousands at Odessa beach never removed their hair- and their arm pits and  either side of the crotch panties used to sport luxurious hair which was indeed very titillating .

We were a cadet ship with 18 officer cadets all aged ( 18 to 19 ).. There were some girls without hair too- but we were told that the ones with massive hair were the ones from Siberia- who had been given a summer vacation. I guess they never heard of hair remover or razor.

We were in a huge hotel by the sea side .  We carried onions and our seniors pissed on the top onion bag layer causing them to rot. So as soon as the Russians ( agriculture dept ) in Odessa saw the rotten onions lying right on top, when the hatches were opened they demanded FUMIGATION-and then we had to stay in a hotel for 3 days –  the entire crew on company expense. 
‘
We used toplay cricket on the beack and we had a good audience of ogling Russian beauties.  It was impossible to walk with touching a TIT or an ASS –such was the crowd on the beach  .

My sikh friend was the cynosure of all eyes at the beach as he used to leave his waist length hair loose at the beach.  And there was this SHEVCHENKO PARK ( we called it SHIVASHANKARAN PARK ) where there was a huge outdoor dancing bay—where at any time more than 500 young girls would be there looking for partners.

.

We got plenty of them as they all wanted WRIGGLEYs CHEWING GUM and KENT CIGARETTES –which we had in plenty in our bulging pockets . The guards used to detain all other nationalities at the port gates ( one minute after midnight cut off time ) but they would allow ONLY INDIANS through even at 3 AM. 

Today this place is called a separate nation Ukraine –such an unhappy place. 
The gullible Sikh soldiers were told that their holy book with protect them and these naïve soldiers were eager to spill their blood in the most dangerous areas. 

 .

Every time they white officers passed by the book they were under strict instructions from R to bow with great reverence to the holy book and salute.  Non compliance meant immediate court martial – NO mercy was shown to the white officer however senior or decorated he was..  Gen Patton was assassinated just because he slapped a COWARD Jew soldier .

.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/assassination-of-general-george-patton.html
The white man knew that this book was written by a white man and they used to laugh later in their officers quarters,  how they bowed and salutes , imitating and trying to outdo each other. . how the Sikhs were trying to drive away the flies from the book etc .   

All this was told to me by a very old British soldier in UK in the seventies – in a bar . He said he had been to Mumabi and Calcutta. When I asked him to name a place he said – Kamatipura and Sonagachi and gave me a wink .

This is how I wrote my post on Devadasis who gave FREE SEX to the white soldiers in COMFORT STATIONS .  He praised the courage of Indian soldiers he fought with  shoulder to shoulder during WW1 , as a young man.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html
AS CHILDREN WE WERE BROUGHT UP ON FAKE PROPAGANDA , HOW THE GLORIOUS “COWBOY RIDING POSSE” ( THE ALLIES / THE COALITION ) SO FULL OF HONOUR AND COURAGE RODE HARD AFTER THE COWARDLY AND DISHONORABLE “OUTLAW” ( THE AXIS / THE EVIL ) RIGHT ?




WHY DON’T YOU CHECK OUT FOR YOURSELF AND USE YOUR OWN CONSCIENCE –AS TO WHO WAS HONOURABLE AND BRAVE – AND WHO WAS CUNNING , SLIMY , FULL OF FU#KIN' DECEIT AND FOUL LIES ?.

.

JUST THREE POSTS ABOUT GERMAN SHIP CAPTAINS  –  I COULD WRITE A HUNDRED – CHECK OUT WHAT HONOUR AT SEA IS ALL ABOUT -  BUT FOR THE INFORMATION SUPER HIGHWAY PROVIDED BY THE INTERNET, WOULD WE EVER KNOW WHAT THE TRUTH WAS ?    WE HAVE BEEN FOOLED INTO WORSHIPING DEVILS - NOW IT IS PAY BACK TIME !!

 .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/an-officer-and-gentlemen-karl-von.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/noble-and-honourable-captain-of-graf.html
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/no-glory-and-honour-sinking-of-bismarck.html

Indeed, the Talmud is not a book to prepare a man for the hereafter, but only for a practical and profitable life in this world. --- Adolf Hitler (Mein Kampf)
 I challenge any body on this planet to prove Hitler wrong , after reading the Jewish Talmud.   I have read it. 

To win modern warns you do NOT need bofors guns and tanks . Ever heard of EMPs?  Even a localized EMP strike by Russia could take out the entire U.S. power grid because power stations are all interconnected, and damage would cascade through the system wiping out equipment that could not be replaced for at least 18 months.

USA asked for Indian help last time they had a electrical grid problem.  The US has NO wherewithal to protect themselves form a Russian EMP attack or a Russian satellite FRYING system.

I ask PM Modi and his team to read the post below very carefully.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2012/08/power-grid-failure-india-apocalypse-now.html


http://www.thefederalistpapers.org/us/emp-attack-on-us-power-grid-could-kill-9-in-10-americans


Below: China knows that Zionists fund pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong


SUBJECT : Religious intolerance in India would have shocked Mahatma Gandhi: Obama
#########################################

HEY OBAMA,  DO NOT GIVE A LECTURE TO INDIA .  .

YOU CAME TO INDIA AS A BEGGAR , LEADER OF A NATION WITH 18.1 TRILLION USD NATIONAL DEBT,  WHICH CAN NEVER EVER BE REPAID WITHOUT A THIRD WORLD WAR  .

YOU CAME BEGGING SO THAT INDIA CAN SHORE UP USA  -  AND SPLINTER BRICS  IF POSSIBLE , AS ISRAEL DARLING MODI IS THE WEAK LINK IN THE BRICS CHAIN  .

GANDHI DID NOT GIVE INDIA INDEPENDENCE  .  GANDHI IS NOT THE FATHER OF OUR NATION  .

GANDHI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING WERE CREATED AND ELIMINATED BY OBAMAs BOSS THE INTERNATIONAL BANKSTER  .

Both Gandhi and King kept oppressed people under control with bullsh#t selective AHIMSA  . .

Punch into google search –

 . . .  .  . THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE VADAKAYIL  . . .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
Boris Yeltsin freely admitted before his death of some historic mistakes, related to the systematic transfer of Russian wealth to those now infamous Jew oligarchs. .
 Thanks to the internet age Russians know of the extreme sufferings , great trials and tribulations at the hands of Jewsih Communist thugs who were put into power by R . 

They now know what  exactly what happened to their motherland in the form of R funded  fraudulent Bolshevik Revolution.  They also know precisely who was responsible for such a catastrophic social, economic and political cataclysm.

To these Russians I tell this.

You only suffered for 100 years .  India was robbed blind by R.   

In 200 years flat India was converted from the richest country on this planet to the poorest.   
We in India will NOT allow Israel darling PM Modi, who is on an ego massage trip,  to turn the wheel back all over again. 

.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Borewell-meters-soon-you-may-have-to-pay-for-water/articleshow/46137753.cms

EXCELLENT IDEA TO FIX WATER METERS ON BOREWELLS  .  

RICH PEOPLE ARE SUCKING WATER OUT OF THE GROUND , LOWERING THE GROUND WATER LEVEL  .

THEY WASTE WATER FOR SWIMMING POOLS , GOLF COURSES, LAWNS etc WHILE THE POOR PEOPLE DO NOT HAVE WATER TO DRINK  .

WATER INTENSIVE CROPS ARE PLANTED LIKE SUGARCANE TO MAKE PREMIUM FUEL AND RUM BY SUGAR BARON POLITICIANS   .

OUR INDIAN RIVERS ARE EXCESSIVELY DAMMED  WITH NO DESILTING FACILITIES , AND RIVER WATER FLOW IS A TRICKLE   .

MILLENNIUMS OLD WATER AQUIFERS CHARGED BY RIVER WATER HUNDREDS OF MILES AWAY FROM RIVER BANKS HAVE RUN DRY- BECAUSE RULING POLITICIANS WANTED KICK BACKS FOR EVERY DAM BUILT    . . .

AND NOW ISRAEL DARLING MODI WANTS TO GIVE AWAY OUR WATER RESOURCES TO ISRAEL TO DO RIVER INTERLINKING - AND KILL BHARATMATA  .
THE FOLLOWING THREE BLOG POSTS ADDRESS THE WATER PROBLEM IN INDIA 100%  .  
MINISTER UMA BHARATI DOES NOT HAVE THE BRAINS TO UNDERSTAND IT  .
PM MODI HAS NEGLECTED THE INTERNAL WATER PROBLEMS OF INDIA , IN HIS SHAMELESS,  PATHOLOGICAL NEED TO GET PRAISE FROM THE WHITE ZIONIST WHO DENIED HIM AN US VISA.  .  .
punch into google search - . .
.  .  .  .VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING , RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS VADAKAYIL  .  .  .  .
and
.  .  .  .  .GANGA MANTHAN, CLEANING OF RIVER GANGES  VADAKAYIL  .  .  .  .
and
.  .  .  .  .INTERLINKING RIVERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL .  .   .   .
capt ajit vadakayil
..
Below: An unknown boy from a poor family who would change the world !

BELOW:  FALSE FLAG ATTACK IN UKRAINE BY ZIONISTS

US PRESIDENT OBAMA HAS THE GUTS TO CALL INDIA INTOLERANT.  THE MODI GOVT, THE INDIAN OPPOSITION PARTIES, THE MINORITY LEADERS , THE BENAMI INDIAN MEDIA , THE INDIAN SOCIAL MEDIA - EVERYBODY HAS KEPT QUIET.
SOME PATRIOTIC HINDUS WHO OBJECTED WAS BRANDED " FRINGE ELEMENTS OF HINDUISM" BY OUR ZIONIST CONTROLLED INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA.
I WANT MY FOREIGN READERS TO KNOW THAT THIS IS THE NONSENSE GOING ON IN INDIA.   OUR ZIONIST DARLING PM MODI BECOMES A GREAT PATRIOT WHEN HE BEGS FOR VOTES .
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-genocide.html
THIS IS THE REASON WHY A COUNTRY OF MILLIONS COULD NOT DRIVE OUT A FEW THOUSAND WHITE INVADERS . EVEN IF 5% OF THE PEOPLE HAD PICKED UP A STONE WE COULD HAVE KILLED THE WHITE INAVDER LIKE MAD DOGS ON A SCHOOL STREET. 
BUT OH - NO WE HAVE PEACENIKS CULTIVATED BY R LIKE GANDHI TELLING INDIANS IT IS A GREAT SIN TO BE VIOLENT.  HAVE WE FORGOTTEN BHAGAVAD GITA , WHERE KRISHNA TELLS US TO GIVE MOONH TODH JAWAAAB TO EVIL FORCES ?
https://emsnews.wordpress.com/2015/02/06/if-putin-is-brain-damaged-our-rulers-are-insane-psychopathic-killers/

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Rope-used-to-hang-Saddam-Hussein-is-expected-to-fetch-at-least-7-million/articleshow/46148459.cms

WHEN BRICS COMES TO POWER ON THIS PLANET, MANY ZIONIST WAR CRIMINALS WILL BE TRIED AND HUNG BY BRICS INTERNATIONAL COURTS  - AS A FORM OF NATURAL JUSTICE ( KALKI AVATAR ).  .  .

their money will be impounded and transferred to the descendants of the people who suffered  , christians, muslims , hindus , sikhs etc .   .

THOSE HANG ROPES GETTING RID OF ZIONIST SCUM ON EARTH, WILL COST BILLIONS .

capt ajit vadakayil
..

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Its-official-Chhattisgarh-renames-V-Day-as-Matru-Pitru-Diwas/articleshow/46151391.cms

WE INDIANS DO NOT NEED WESTERN DECADENCE IN INDIA  .  . .

THE GIRLS IN THE FAMOUS MANGALORE PUB INCIDENT WERE WH0RES GIVING HANDJOB UNDER THE TABLE TO MALE STUDENTS  , WHEN THEY WERE THROWN OUT  .  .  .

WE NO NOT NEED ZIONIST DECADENCE -- SAVITA BHABHI, SUNNY LEONE, KISS OF LOVE, AIB ROAST , GAY MARRIAGES, VALENTINES TYPE OF LUST , DRUGS , WOMEN FLASHING PRIVATE PARTS IN PUBLIC etc- IN INDIA  .  .

AND WE KNOW OF TROJAN HORSE NGOs STAGE MANAGING SMART PHONE BRAVEHEARTS AND GETTING INNOCENT MEN ARRESTED TO FORCE A HEGELIAN DIALECTIC OF GENDER TILTED LAWS IN INDIA .   .

WHERE EVEN THE PM CAN BE THROWN BEHIND BARS JUST BY A UNILATERAL FALSE COMPLAINT BY A WOMAN  .  .  .

when girls dress provocatively whom are they trying to attract ?  birds ? TEE TEEEE !! 

every womans LIB magazine contains 50% content of why men are such PIGS and 50% content of how to attract and lure to be such baaad pigs.  .  . TEEE HEEEEE !

indians wake up-- our culture is under attack .   control zionist sponsored debauchery like PUTIN  . .

punch into Google search -
.  .   .  . VLADIMIR PUTIN THE HERO OF THE FREE WORLD  VADAKAYIL  .  .  .

capt ajit vadakayil
..

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/Obama-criticized-for-remarks-on-ISIS-Christianity/articleshow/46145777.cms
HEY OBAMA, JUST SIX CHURCHES MADE YOU JUMP   .  . .

ETHNIC CLEANSING IN KASHMIRI AND DESTRUCTION OF MORE THAN 2000 TEMPLES IN PAKISTAN / BANGLADESH DID NOT BOTHER YOU, RIGHT ?   .  .  .

OBAMA LEADS A NATION HAVING 18.1 TRILLION US DOLLARS NATIONAL DEBT , WHICH MAKES HIS COUNTRY ONE OF THE POOREST NATIONS ON THIS PLANET .  ..

OH YES -- YOU NEED A THIRD WORLD WAR TO SORT THIS OUT, AS THIS HUMONGOUS DEBT CAN NEVER BE REPAID . . .

ONCE BRICS BANK TAKES OFF USA IS SCREWED - --  . ALONG WITH YOUR INTERNATIONAL BANKSTER BOSS R AND IMF , YOU ARE UP SH#T CREEK WITHOUT A PADDLE .  . .

YOU CAME TO INDIA AS A BEGGAR AND WITH LOT OF GUILE UP YOUR SLEEVE , TO WEDGE OUT INDIA FROM BRICS .   .

YOU KNOW THAT OUR PM MODI IS A ZIONIST APCO BRANDED ISRAELI DARLING .  . .

BY THE WAY, MODI IS NOT A DESERT KING ( with stolen money in zionist banks ) ,  A DICTATOR OR GOD  -- WE THE PEOPLE OF DEMOCRATIC INDIA CAN PULL HIM DOWN ANY TIME , IF HE GOES AGAINST THE INTERESTS OF  BHARATMATA .  .  .

WE INDIANS ARE KEEPING A HAWKs EYE ON PERSONAL CHEMISTRY WALAH DOST MODI  .  .  . AND OBAMA - DO NOT EVER LECTURE TO INDIA .

THOSE DAYS OF FALSE FLAG ATTACKS ( and leaving saffron flag behind )  AND EMBEDDED PRESSTITUTE DAYS ARE OVER .  .  .

punch into google search - . . . .VLADIMIR PUTIN THE HERO OF THE FREE WORLD VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
 ..-

R monopolized media reports every day that US and NATO are “CONSIDERING “ sending lethal military aid  in order to defend the Zionist puppet regime in Ukraine.

Hey, we do NOT have long ears.  NATO,  is already involved militarily in Ukraine neck deep, supporting the Zionist puppet Kiev regime whose 10-month offensive on eastern Ukraine has resulted in over 5,400 deaths.

The US and its NATO allies are already sending lethal military equipment to the Ukraine -the word CONSIDERING is a FOUL lie..

Putin has tracked down Ukrainian Antonov AN124, flying weapons from the US and several NATO countries into Kiev for at least the past four months.    The transporter plane – the world’s biggest such aircraft – has been spotted carrying out cargo runs in the US, Norway, Italy and Romania on a secret mission to funnel heavy weapons to the Kiev regime.

Russians have spy satellites, don’t they ?

Russian government has said that there are foreign mercenary groups trained by Zionists operating in Ukraine.
  
Blackwater and French foreign legion are being uses as mercenaries by Zionists for regime change for a long time .  Now these people no come to India on VISA ON ARRIVAL .

I had spoken to a Ex- Black water security guard ( Somalia piracy ship security ) who told me that in some Zionist multinational companies Blackwater gave services even to change the internal power structure by assassinations .

The US military had gone headlong for privatization, especially under Rumsfeld.  One 2002 memo from Secretary of the US Army, Thomas White , suggests that as much as a third of its budget is going on private contractors,  while army numbers are falling. 
The bullshit rationale is to save money by using temporary ones.

Mossad trains mercenary assassination squads, as they did for LTTE.  At one stage they were training IPKF, LTTE and Sri Lankan national army within ear shot of each other and having a good laugh about its- how they trained to do something and then trained the other to undo the same thing.  IPKF lost so many young officers , sniped from tree tops .
.
People are talking about Indian Muslims going to Iraq to join ISIS .  

Are we foolish enough to think these private individuals went on their own , arranging their own logistics in a strange land ?

Sorry, they were recruited by NGOs , whose funding is NOT Islamic .

Retired Indian soldiers are paid well to join foreign mercenary gangs for there is good money  . 

Are we to say that our internal intelligence is so poor that we do NOT know who these TROJAN HORSE NGOs are , who recruit Indian merceneries.

NATO weapons and munitions have been recovered from various battle zones. Fragments examined by Russians reovered from munitions bear NATO marks…

When pro-Russian self-defence militia retook the Donetsk International Airport from Kiev forces, who had been using the facility to shell Donetsk City for the past several months, it was reported that among the charred remains were NATO manuals in several European languages and other items identified as NATO-standard equipment.

.
R and his BENAMI media must know that they must revise their dog eared strategies.

R created a SAINT and allowed only this saint to talk with big cats like the Queen , the British PM etc . They would NOT talk to any other Indian.

When Gandhi left South Africa he travelled via London to receive orders for recruiting Indian soldiers for First World War –and to tell the Indians given guns,  brainwash with selective AHIMSA not to shoot the white invader who robbed Bharatmata blind – to show TOLERANCE .
And then every R controlled newspaper sported the headline of what racist  Gen Smuts was arm twisted  by R to write.

THE SAINT HAS LEFT OUR SHORES.

We in India knew Gandhi the messiah was coming to sit on the drivers seat of Indian independence-always to say the right words , but always steer away from the goal.

.
Xi Jinping, the President of China and  Putin increasingly share a similar brand of anti International bankster nationalism.  Xi has since made his relationship with Mr. Putin a priority.   

Xi chose Russia for his first foreign visit as Chinese president and was one of the few world leaders to attend the Sochi Winter Olympics. The countries concluded a long-awaited deal in May for Russia to supply $400 billion of gas to China over 30 years.

They have forged agreements to build a railway bridge over their common border and an ice-free port in Russia's far east. They have also unveiled plans to set up ground stations on each other's land for their satellite global-positioning navigation systems. It is a long term relationship.

Both Xi and Putin have tightened controls on the media and political dissent and has launched a campaign against Western ideological influence, such as through foreign-funded NGOs.  Both know that the pro-democracy protests in Hongkong are triggered by Zionist funded Trojan Horse NGOs. 

. .
We Indians do NOT know what all compromises our Gujarat Model Modi has given APCO for receiving global branding.  We can see Zionist darling Chitpavan Prakash Javedekar singing the praises of GM crops regularly. He thinks we Indians are stupid.  

Kiran Majumdar Shaw with a white Scottish husband  sings the praises of GM foods on TV.  Opposing the GM  crop technology would take the country on a wrong path, Biocon Chairman and Managing Director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw said –

"I am here to express my solidarity with scientists and support to biotechnology. Innovations happen only through research and experimentation. No one has a right to ban research and experimentation," she said at a meet of biotechnologists and farm scientists.   Those who oppose scientific research are not intellectually right and would take the country on a wrong path. Science and technology have done a lot to the country,"  Mazumdar-Shaw spAke.

Three months ago  New World Order woman Kiran said –“ GM technology has increased crop yields by 21 per cent and the average profit gain for farmers by 69 per cent, while reduc ing the use of pesticide by 39 per cent."  “ There are numerous studies that have found that GM crops have large, widespread benefits for farmers and economies embracing biotechnolo gy. GM crops not only have the potential to bring succour to millions of needy in developed countries but also ensure food security for years to come”

Oh fu#kin’ yeah ?    Shove you GM propaganda , we Indians do NOT need it.    Modi may need it to please his Zionist mentors , but we Indians do NOT need it.

But we do know this. Former Ukraine President, Viktor Yanukovych, rejected a proposed $17 billion loan to Ukraine from the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) in late 2013, because the loan required the introduction of GMO seeds and Ukrainian law bars farmers from growing GM crops.

Monsanto, Cargill and Dupont  has now been given a toe hold by the new Zionist puppet Jewish President.  The European Union and the United States are working hand in hand in the takeover of Ukrainian agriculture.
Below: If you see her in a dark alley , you will faint !  She will win a SCOWLING competition any day !!

. .
Russian lawmakers have equated GMO-related activities to a terrorist act or a criminal act , which  deserves the punishment which killers and creators of mass ecological and human genocide deserve.

Now, Russian President Vladimir Putin has officially signed the Russian Federation Code of Administrative Offences into law, which includes an article establishing that anyone violating mandatory requirements for the labeling of food products that contain GMOs be punished by law. 


In addition to the fines, all of the food in question will be confiscated, which would put quite a damper on business.  After all, how can one operate without any food product?  It seems that any company in violation would simply be forced into labeling – either that or seize business altogether.

But our Zionist darling Modi using his proxies like Chitpavan Prakash Javedekar has been  supporting the WTO, Monsanto, and GM pimps .  They know that GM foods have eebn causing brain damage, cancer and reproductive failure.  

Anything will go as along as the KURSI IS SAFE.

KURSI SAFE REHNA MAANGTHA HAI NA ? 

BHAAD MEIN GAYE BHARATMATA !!


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html
SUBJECT :  Woman raped, brutalized and murdered in Rohtak. The woman's body was found without key organs on Wednesday along with sticks, stones and condoms stuffed into her private parts
#########################################

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/gurgaon/Woman-raped-brutalized-and-murdered-in-Rohtak/articleshow/46151730.cms

IT IS NOW THE MODUS OPERANDI OF BODY ORGAN TRADERS TO REMOVE THE PARTS AND THE MAKE IT APPEAR LIKE RAPE, MURDER OR EVEN CANNIBALISM ( nithari case )   .

AT THE SAME TIME GIVE INDIA A BAD NAME , SO THAT GENDER TILTED LAWS ARE MADE  AS A HEGELIAN DIALECTIC  .

The Badaun teenage sister did suicide hung themselves on the tree - - they were NOT gangraped and killed as tom tommed by the BENAMI media endlessly  . .

EVEN THE PM OF THE NATION CAN BE JAILED EVEN IF HE TOUCHES A FEMALE  - IT COULD BE A FOREIGN TOURIST  .

the rohtak gypsy sisters were on a money extorsion spree by threatening young boys with youtube videos  .  .

Former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn was charged and jailed in the US for sex crimes on May 14th , after his discovery that all of the gold held in the United States Bullion Depository located at Fort Knox was missing and unaccounted for. .

Naxal women are trained to shove sticks and stones into their vagin#s to get AFSPA repealed   .

Bitti Mohantys father was fixed -   he was DGP .

Jayanti Natarajan said that the waitress wanted her to fix Modi with snoop gate-- she took the name of Ajay Makhan on LIVE TV -   why has he not sued her ? 

punch into Google search  -
.  .   .  .  KIDNEY SALE TOURISM AND BODY ORGAN HARVESTING IN INDIA VADAKAYIL .  .   .  .

and

.  .  .  .  HEGELIAN DIALECTIC, THE CANCER ON THIS PLANET VADAKAYIL  .  .   .

capt ajit vadakayil

..

Ukraine, is BROKE.

The Jews oligarchs has sucked the country dry.

The Ukrainian port authorities know that Capt Ajit Vadakayil was the ONLY ship captain ON THIS PLANET who refused to pay them bribes in US dollars.   

I was given a FREE HAND by my owners , mamagers and charterers to bribe all an sundry ( average expected 15, 000 USD ).   They used to call me up on the phone and literally BEG me—you cant leave written trails, right ? 

My answer was when I do NOT pay bribes for myself why should I pay for others .  Ukraine is more corrupt that even Nigeria.  Ask any ship captain who has been to Ukraine in recent times.

You cannot pump out your ballast without paying a bribe in USD.   Without pumping out the ballast you cannot load cargo.

They want the ship to stop the Sewage treatment plant . This is  NEVER asked for in any port on this planet.  If you refuse to pay bribes in USD, they will come and take a sample from the sewage treatment plant outlet, send it to a lab of their choice and then FINE the ship thousands of dollars for polluting the dock waters.

Corruption in Ukraine is a Wikipedia subject.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corruption_in_Ukraine

https://news.pn/en/politics/41303

Today Ukraine has no money and barely any economy.   

The Zionist stooge President is begging Zionist  controlled IMF  about a 15 billion USD  bailout and what's euphemistically being called a debt "restructuring"—i.e., default—as its reserves have dwindled down to $6.42 billion, only enough to cover five weeks of imports. (Three months worth is considered the absolute least you can get by with).

Their bullsh#t currency  hyrvnia fell from 16.8 to 24.4 per dollar, and then again to 25.3 on Friday, on this news that the government wouldn't intervene it in anymore.    In all, it was a 50 percent decline in 48 hours.    And this was despite the fact that its central bank simultaneously jacked up interest rates from 14 to 19.5 percent to try to get people to hold their money in hyrvinia that would pay them a lot instead of dollars that wouldn't.  

It did NOT work.

Jew oligarchs , have skimmed billions off the country's nonexistent growth.   

Ukraine's economy has actually shrunk since communism ended in 1991 .The Ukrainian Jews want to fight against their biggest trading partner—Russia.  Anything that hurts Russia hurts Ukraine. 

That is how smart the Jewish brain is.

There is a difference between smartness and deceit .

Zionists used Jew and past chess champion Gary Kasparov , to run down Putin. The Dissenters' March was a series of Russian opposition protests that took place on December 16, 2006 in Moscow, on March 3, 2007 in Saint Petersburg, on March 24 in Nizhny Novgorod etc

A couple of hundred protesters used to do some shouting on the streets.  The R monopolized media converted this motley crowd as a great crowd of thousands .

In a speech addressed to the marchers, Kasparov told the crowd, "This is our first real victory. I congratulate you on overcoming your fear. We will have victory when we get our Russia back. We have 364 days before the election in 2008

The demonstrators held placards “Berezovsky, we are with you!.”

Jew Kasparov yelled out TO WESTERN Zionist press  "Tell your leaders this is a police state. Protesters chanted: "We need another Russia!", "Russia without Putin!", "No to the police state!", "Beasts! Fascists! Shame!", "This is our city!"

In an interview on Russia Today TV aired on April 17, President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov called Dissenters Marches of the weekend extremely insignificant..

But hey, U.S. White House spokeswoman Dana Perino scored a brownie point about -- "an emerging pattern of use of excessive force" by the Putin controlled authorities  . TEE HEEE !

Below: The reporter shat in his pants -on getting the cold R stare.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html

Kasparov’s real name is Garry Kimovich Weinstein.

Above : Jew Garry Kasparov has high hopes of becoming Russian President.  Kasparov with Rothschild. 
.
Above : 14 August 2014 --- Two Ukrainian parliament members, Jew homosexual Oleh Lyashko ( got beaten up )  and Oleksandr Shevchenko ( huge guy ), got into an argument on the floor.  Shevchenko accused Lyashko, ( leader of Ukraine's  Radical Party ) who had built an image as a combative opponent of pro-Russian separatists, of never having visited the separatist eastern region.   On June 21, 1993 Lyashko was arrested and indicted for grand funds embezzlement.  The court found Lyashko guilty of embezzlement of 1 300 000 roubles personally, and 1 100 000 roubles collectively with accomplices. Lyashko was sentenced to 6 years' prison term and sequestration of the property. The Supreme Court reduced the time to 4 years imprisonment. Lyashko was released in May 1995 under the amnesty due to the "50th anniversary of the Victory over Nazi Germany". In 1998, the criminal case was erased.
.  .
Above: Ukrainian Parliament Fight-  27 April 2010.    A debate on extending Russia's lease of the naval base in the Black Sea in exchange for cheaper oil descended into a mass brawl, ( triggered by Jews ) involving smoke bombs, eggs and general fighting among members. The Speaker had to be escorted from the chamber, covered by umbrellas.  .
Below: 24 May 2012 during a debate over a bill - brawl erupted between members of the nationalist Svoboda party and opposition lawmakers over a speech being delivered in Russian rather than Ukranian. Fight triggered by Jews.


The whole world knows that the Zionists were  instrumental in forming a coup d'état that led to the fall of ousted Ukraine President, Viktor Yanukovych.
Who is the new Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko?
He is a Jew Oligarch who has stolen national wealth—a criminal .  His father was a criminal too.
Forbes lists Petro Poroshenko as the 130th richest Jew in the world with 1, 6 billion dollars.
Poroshenko’s father was a Jew named Alexei Valtsman from the Odessa region who in 1956 took on the last name of his wife, Yevgenya Poroshenko to remain crypto.
Wikileaks has revealed that Poroshenko an agent for the US State Department.
"Just like Israel, Ukraine has the right to defend her territory – and it will do so." President Poposhecko told the UC congress to a long standing ovation.
Putin knows of  Petro Poroshenko’s Cali Cartel involvement as well as the murder of his Russian mistress, 29 years old Jewess Natalia Shapiro.
Future wars will be won by the navy- NOT by army or by air force.

BLUE WATER nuclear submarines and nuclear aircraft carriers will call the shots,  they do NOT require refuelling.   GHAR MEIN GHUSKE MARNE WALAH  . When you have to refuel, you become defensive.

When Soviet Union broke up they scrapped one mighty nuclear aircraft carrier Ulyanovsk , 20% complete in Ukraine.  It could do unlimited distance in 25 years .   Its blueprints  were sold to China .  

The Chinese also bought the unfinished 70% complete aircraft carrier  Varyag  from Ukraine ( renamed  Liaoning).  Ukraine also handed to China all of the vessel’s blueprints and design documents.

Russian naval steel hulls are the best on this planet –superior metallurgy .

India is planning an attack nuclear super aircraft carrier INS Vishal  to be built at Kochi – 65,000 tonnes, 980 feet long,  8.5 metres depth to keep the Chinese in check.

When I look back , my first command was a ship 90000 tonnes , 14.5 metres depth and 940 feet length.   

We merchant ship Captains consider Indian Navy war ship Captains as fresh water navigators who get sea sick in the blue ocean.- who need a large team on the navigating bridge even to navigate - more style less substance .

.
Above: The first ship I commanded - termed an OBO - it could carry crude oil,  grain and heavy ore  .



Above: Here is my wife's first ship , 125,000 tonnes also an OBO -  a comfy ship with huge swimming pool, sauna bath etc ( NOPE- the woman in the corner is NOT my wife ) .

.
Above: That is me in yellow T shirt - on my first ship as a certified officer 280,000 tonnes ,  23.5 metres dept , 1150 feet long .  The ship was huge we had cycles to take rounds . You cant read the logo on th yellow T shirt - I MADE LINDA LOVELACE GAG  


THE BENAMI ZIONIST CONTROLLED MEDIA HAVE NOW STARTED CALLING JEWS AS NAZIS , TO PUT THE FREE WORLD IN FOG ALL OVER AGAIN— TO MAKE WAR AS PEACE--  TO MAKE BLACK AS WHITE.

They are busy targeting David Duke who speaks frankly about EVIL Zionism .

These disinformation Jew agents are crying foul that Putin is creating a new ADL- ANTI DEFAMATION LEAGUE –where Jews will be at the receiving end .

These disinformation agents and their monopolized Zionist controlled BENAMI media says the new Putin controlled ADL or PADL is “ a Kremlin propaganda operation designed to abuse the good intentions of those genuinely committed to fighting hatred and extremism , particularly American Jews and their allies.”

TEEE HEEEEEEE !

WHAT A JOKE !!!

The Zionists are worried now, because the white Christian has now turned against the deceitful and murderous Jews.
  

The Zionist has found a new BAAAD MAN--  Jew Boris Spiegel a Pro-Putin Russian oligarch .  The Zionist Jews are so angry with this good Jew that they call him Putin’s USEFUL IDIOT

The Zionist mouthpiece The Jewish Chronicle writes that Spiegel "is firmly in the pro-Putin camp” . They are miffed with this Jew who dares to support Orthodox Christain Putin. Well , how about saying that Spiegel is supporting GOOD against EVIL?

The Zionists are miffed that during Russia’s war against Georgia in 2008, Spiegel published statements  calling for investigations into “genocide” and “ethnic cleansing” by the Georgian military. See truth told against murdering and deceitful Jews is defamation, right ?    But here there is a difference –it is a clean hearted Jews who is revealing all this.

By the way a Jews is NOT a Zionist. The world wants Zionism to end. Jews who are against Zionism are good people – and today most of the Jews on this planet are against Zionism and they LOVE Putin.

Putin and the FREE WORLD and BRICS ( Israel darling Modi is the weak link ) will NOT allow Ukraine to become a second homeland for Jews .


In February 2014, just weeks before the pro-Russian Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych stepped down, Spiegel led a delegation to Kiev to meet with the embattled president, offering his organization’s full support against Zionist flag attacks supported by NATO/ AIPAC .

Zionist did FALSE propaganda that at the successful Maidan Revolution of 2013-2014, Ukrainian demonstrators ( sic – it was externally funded by Zionists ) ousted an authoritarian, pro-Russian leader in favor of a reformist pro-Western government. How about calling it a pro- Jew government who will do ethnic cleansing and pave the way for a SECOND JEWISH HOMELAND ?

How long are the Jews gonna sustain the myth of 6 million jews killed by Hitler –just because the Jude star has 6 points ?  

 So when a Jewish NGO goes against R – all hell breaks loose , right?

WRONG!

The common yank is now wise to the wicked ways of the Zionists , the ADL and the AIPAC.  

He knowS both Democrat and Republican Presidential candidates are chosed by R and his stooges at the INNER Bilderberg club.

  
The decadent Zionists are crying over Putin’s stance on homosexual pedophiles. They are crying over Putin’s law prohibiting  gays adopting male children .    

They are crying over Putin’s resolve to cut the strength under Zionist funded Trojan Horse NGOs in Russia who do endless subversion.

I TELLING THE TRUTH BECOMES A SMEAR CAMPAIGN AGAINST THE WICKED ZIONIST- SO BE IT !
THE ZIONISTS ARE THREATENING PUTIN WITH ISOLATION !
TEE HEEE !
THE RUSSIAN BEAR HAS R AND HIS STOOGE NATIONS IN A BEAR HUG SQUEEZING THE LIFE OUT OF THEM - AND THEY CALL IT ISOLATION.
PUTIN HAS THE SUPPORT OF BRICS - 
THE REST OF THE WORLD ARE PISS FART NATIONS LEAD BY A COUNTRY WITH 18.2 TRILLION USD NATIONAL DEBT .
AND MIND YOU--  
ISRAEL DARLING MODI DOES NOT REPRESENT INDIAN ASPIRATIONS ANY MORE   --  (  IF MODI DOES NOT CORRECT HIS SELF DESTRUCTING COURSE- IT TAKES REAL TALENT TO FRITTER AWAY THE NATIONS GOOD WILL  ) .

 .
Another reason why R stooges are pissed of with Putin is because he does NOT but the global warming HOAX.

''Does climate change happen because the earth is breathing, living, giving off gas, methane, or is it due to the influence of human activity?'' Putin had asked .

The R controlled global warming establishment and the BENAMI Zionist media are crowing about 2014 being the hottest year on record.  Oh yeah ?

IN THE PAST 19 YEARS THERE HAS BEEN NO GLOBAL WARMING.

WE DO NOT WANT R AND HIS TOOGE ZIONIST NATIONS TO TAKE THE LEAD AND COLLECT GREEN FUND MONEY.

Quoting bullsh#t SOx and NOx emissions statistics ,  Zionist companies have monopolies ship spares –  which they sell at exhorbitant prices.

.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/lie-of-greenhouse-gases-causing-global.html


Bwlo: Wanna know ABOUT the knights in shining armour who lecture to India?
Let me quote Wikipedia :-
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Ghraib_torture_and_prisoner_abuse
QUOTE : During the war in Iraq that began in March 2003, personnel of the United States Army and the Central Intelligence Agency committed a series of human rights violations against detainees in the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.[1] These violations included physical and sexual abuse, torture, rape, sodomy, and murder.[2][3][4][5] The abuses came to light with reports published in late 2003 by Amnesty International and the Associated Press. There was evidence that authorization for the torture had come from high up in the military hierarchy, with allegations being made that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld had authorized some of the actions.UNQUOTE

Below: Ethnic cleansing for SECOND JEWISH HOMELAND in Ukraine , by Jews

Alexander Vladimirovich Zakharchenko is the current Prime Minister of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic that declared its independence from Ukraine on 11 May 2014.   He declared : Ukraine is  run by “miserable Jews” . The free world knows that he is NOT far away from the truth. Putin will protect Russian speaking people – he has BALLS ! --  unlike our Indian leaders who allowed Kashmiri Pandit genocide.
Putin knew that when he wins the elections on 4 March 2012 the Zionists and their monopolised media , would go to town stating that he rigged the elections.  Stories were already ready and drafted in R controlled media.  Putin was ready- he installed web cams in all polling stations.

Despite this clear win with majority vote the R media ,  Jew payroll Russian opposition and international observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe cried from rooftops about procedural irregularities. 

.
Below: Only Jews could think this way !

The Jews were ready with anti-Putin protests during and directly after the presidential campaign.  The most notorious protest was the Pussy Riot performance on 21 February, and subsequent trial.

Pussy Riot is a Jewish Russian feminist punk rock protest group based in Moscow funded by Zionist NGOs.   They has about 10 women in their group ranging in age from about 20 to 32.

The group staged unauthorised VULGAR performances in unusual public locations, which were posted as Youtube video on the the Internet by Jews . It was all about running down Putin ,the Orthodox church and propagating homosexuality/decadence.  

When Putin arrested the group for desecrating Moscow's Cathedral of Christ the Savior,  Zionist run Amnesty International, called the women prisoners of conscience .

President Barack Obama expressed disappointment, and the White House stated that it had "serious concerns about the way that these young women have been treated by the Russian judicial system. Just shows what this man BAAAAAAAAA is worth.

Amnesty International called the conviction “a bitter blow for freedom of expression”. In October 2012, Pussy Riot was announced as a finalist for the European Parliament’s Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought.

 While attending the Women in the World Summit in New York on 4 April 2014, Hillary Clinton posed with band members Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alekhina for a picture she later posted on Twitter. Clinton referred to Pussy Riot as a group of "strong and brave young women" who "refuse to let their voices be silenced."

In 2014, Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova brought suit in the European Court of Human Rights, for their arrest and detention.                                                   HEY, WHY NOT TAKE IT TO THE INTERNATIONAL KANGAROO COURT OF JUSTICE , HAGUE, WHO IN ADDITION TO ARBITRATING BETWEEN NATIONS, ALSO TAKES UP THE PRIVATE CASES OF JEWS RECOMMENDED BY R. .  .



WHERE EVER THE PUSSY RIOT PERFORMED THEY WERE FOLLOWED BY JEWISH MEDIA.    THEN ALL THESE CAMERAMEN WOULD EDIT AND POST A YOUTUBE VIDEO ON THE INTERNET , TO SHOW THAT THESE CHARACTERLESS PUNK JEWESS GIRLS WERE "MOLESTED "  . . 
THE ENTIRE WESTERN MEDIA IS ABUZZ WITH NEWS EVERY HOUR—HOW PUTIN SUFFERS FROM ASPERGER SYNDROME  .

HEY, HOW ABOUT CHECKING IF  QUEEN ELIZABETH 1  HAD BALLS ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

OR IF THE KING OF ENGLAND WAS A PANSY ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/great-romance-and-curse-of-kohinoor.html


What is the secret of Angela Merkel?

This pro-Israeli East German woman does her own propaganda about 6 million Jews killed by Hitler-- has been  Chancellor since 2005, having won a third term last September , with no challenger in sight.   

Shows what the Germans are worth  .

Chakkar kya hai bhaiyya ?

In 1985, Merkel did propaganda with the text of a speech by the West German President, Richard von Weizsäcker, given on the fortieth anniversary of the end of the Second World War.   

This speech declared  Germany’s responsibility for the Holocaust and declared his nation’s defeat as a DAY OF LIBERATION.. 

Of course R loved her for this.

For this speech etched on rock “that Germans, in facing their past, could redefine their identity and future”
Below: Jailed for 11 years for questioning the 6 million figure- his lawyer also punished 

OH BOY !.
Chancellor Volker Schlöndorff, knew how R was sponsoring Angela Merle. At  party he introduced Merkel to a R stooge movie producer,  calling her “Germany’s first female Chancellor.”

When the Berlin Wall fell, my ship was a Rostock ( East Germany ) and then immediately at Hamburg ( West Germany ).  

Putin was a K.G.B. major stationed in Dresden.  He used his fluent German and a pistol to keep a crowd of East Germans from storming the K.G.B. bureau and looting secret files, which he then destroyed.

Merkel's latest visit to Israel was on February 26th 2014.  During her visit, Merkel was awarded Israel's highest civilian award by President Shimon Peres, for her "unwavering commitment to Israel's security and the fight against anti-Semitism and racism”

John Mc Cain jumpes up and down more than our Desi Orangutan ( a TV anchor who asks SIMPLE QUESTIONS  )—

 "The Ukrainians are being slaughtered and we're sending them blankets and meals. Blankets don't do well against Russian tanks."

Who is the R sponsored and inner Bilderberg chosen guy ?
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/deadly-fire-on-aircraft-carrier-uss.html


Putin Calls Ukrainian Army a "NATO Foreign Legion" Fighting for Western Geopolitical Interests.  The Ukrainian soldiers are now mostly foreign mercenaries , including the French Foreign legion. 
French foreign legion is used by R to stand guard while they loot a nation of its resources .

Without telling the nation Indian govt has been sending Indian soldiers to stand guard while R is looting a nation under UN cover. 

Eight Indian soldiers, who lost their lives while serving in UN peacekeeping operations in 2013. But hey, R will give them awards posthumously - a bullsh#t  UN medal “ for their courage and sacrifice in the line of duty”.

What duty ?

Standing guard while Zionists bleed a nation ?
Israel has captured Syria’s  Golan Heights to steal their fresh water.   More than 200 Indian UN soldiers stand guard for R. 
WHAT DID THE ZIONISTS DO IN LIBYA ? 
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/ethnic-cleansing-of-blackskinned-people.html


Rn Murthy
February 9, 2015 at 12:02 PM
Dear Capt Ajit sir,

Here's a wonderful spirit of nationalism expressed by former RAW officer RSN Singh exposing AK49 on his latest drama baazi - including the hawala scandal...:-)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=02DH_Y94M0E
Also, today in the INDIA 2015 reference being released by Arun Jaitley shared the info on 12.5 Lakh Indians fighting for WW1/2 and said now with digital India all of this will be made known to Indians freely now.
RN Murthy

ReplyDelete
Replies
############################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 9, 2015 at 2:11 PM
hi rm,

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .


Gandhi recruited 25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war. Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh) soldiers were killed.

BELOW IS WHAT WIKIPEDIA SAYS AFTER MY BLOG POST WAS PUBLISHED-

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Army_during_World_War_I

WORLD WAR ONE:

QUOTE -The normal annual recruitment for the Indian army was 15,000 men, during the course of the war over 800,000 men volunteered for the army and more than 400,000 volunteered for non-combatant roles. In total almost 1.3 MILLION MEN had volunteered for service by 1918.[18] UNQUOTE
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Army_during_World_War_II

WORLD WAR TWO :-

QUOTE: The Indian Army began the war, in 1939, numbering just under 200,000 men.[1] By the end of the war it had become the largest volunteer army in history, rising to over 2.5 million men in August 1945.[UNQUOTE .

THEY HAVE BLATANTLY COPIED 1.3 MILLION ( WW 1 ) AND 2.5 MILLION ( WW2 ) FROM MY BLOGSITE.

AND I DONT CARE FOR WIKIPEDIA -- WHETHER THEY APPROVE MY FIGURES OR NOT .

AT LEAST THE WHITE MAN ACCEPTS THAT INDIANS FOUGHT IN BOTH WORLD WARS IN A LARGE SCALE..

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Last month, U.S. Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power slammed Putin via Twitter for overseeing what she referred to as a "Russian occupation plan" in Ukraine.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has also accused pro-Russian rebels fighting in Ukraine of participating in a land grab.

The Zionists are bombing Syria today, ostensibly targeting ISIS ( whom they created , armed and funded).   

HAVE THE ZIONISTS TAKEN THE PERMISSION OF PRESIDENT ASSAD ? HAVE THE ZIONISTS SOUGHT THE AGREEMENT OF UN BY A VOTE ?

Who created all these problems in Iraq and Syria?

Putin has clearly told “ America is dividing terrorists into GOOD and BAD “.

The GOOD terrorists are the ones who support Zionists – who try to kill Syrian President Assad.  Never mind that they have been cutting out LIVE human hearts and eating it on Youtube..

The whole world knows about the efforts of Israel to make SUNNI fight SHIA by driving a wedge between them. Almost all the bombings on Sunni/ Shia mosques in Iraq are FALSE FLAG ATTACKS by Zionists.

Same thing  happened in India . When India was divided in 1947 , Indian Muslims refused to leave behind their ancient language/ customs/ culture in India and go to some distant Pakistan.

But Hindus from Pakistan came running to India as they knew there would be ethnic cleansing when there is mulsim majority any where on the planet  .

R did FALSE FLAG ATTACKS and drove away the Indian Muslims to Pakistan. Pg head were found in msoques. Cow head were found in temples—all FALSE FLAG ATTACKS .

ALL THIS AMERICAN HIGH HANDEDNESS WITH R BILDERBERG POWER - WILL COME TO A FULL STOP WHEN BRICS COMES TO POWER .     

THAT IS,   IF ISRAEL DARLING AND APCO BRANDED MODI DOES NOT BREAK UP BRICS.

THE FREE WORLD WILL NOT ALLOW US LEAD COWBOY RIDING POSSE ( ALLIES/ COALITION ) TO RIDE ROUGHSHOD OVER THE VULNERABLE WORLD.
Putin has declared :  “ the Ukrainian crisis was not caused by the Russian Federation. It has emerged in response to the attempts of the USA and its Western allies who considered themselves ‘winners’ of the Cold War to impose their will everywhere.”

Above: KOSHER LIES ! . 
Illegitimate oligarch US-installed stooge president Jew Poroshenko finds new ways to embarrass himself- where slimy acting  substitutes for substance.  He  displayed fake Russian passports.  Poroshenko claimed they belonged to Russian soldiers aiding Donbas rebels- a FOUL LIE . 

Russia’s military prohibits active duty soldiers from carrying passports.   Jew Poroshenko was caught with his pants down –LYING !

Crimeans voted near unanimously to join Russia.   Putin accommodated them to reverse a historic error.   Crimeans have never done ethnic cleansing like the Kashmiri Muslims.

Jew Poroshenko has been targeting hospitals, schools, residential areas, city streets--murdering Russian speaking civilians in cold blood.   The R controlled Zionist media does total disinformation.   

After all this region is earmarked to be ISRAEL NO 2 , for summer season maybe.
Growing numbers of Orthodix Christian Ukrainians are now becoming aware of the EVIL Jewish thing going on in their homeland.   They now want it defended against Zionist thugs in charge.   But the R controlled main stream media will  NOT report it .
Big Lies had a life of their own in the pre- Internet age . 
Not any more .
Big Lies repeated enough get most people to believe them.  
Not any more.   
There is social media to watch over R controlled main stream media.
Truth is their mortal enemy of the marauding Zionists .
Blaming victims for perpetrator crimes.   War is peace .
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond lied saying: “ This man (Putin) has sent troops across an international border and occupied another country’s territory in the 21st century acting like some kind of 20th century tyrant.”

John Kerry said Western countries are united against “the largest threat that Ukraine faces today, and that is Russia’s continued aggression in the east.” “There is no other way to call it…The president is reviewing all of his options. (Including) obviously…providing” Ukraine with greater amounts of heavy weapons than already called “defensive” ones.

Every time Obama, Kerry and other US officials claim America seeks no confrontation with Russia, polar opposite plans are intended and done covertly .  

Zionist policy is consistently hostile. 
If the SWIFT BANKING SYSTEM (  Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial)   is denied by the International banksters to Russia, Putin must create his own BRICS swift banking system. SWIFT disconnected the EU-sanctioned banks from Iran.

SWIFT is overseen by 10 central banks — Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, United States, Switzerland, and Sweden — as well as the European Central Bank- ALL R CONTROLLED.

Do national currency trading and barter trade with BEICS and other friendly ant-zionist nations. Putin of course knows that Gazprom, Russia’s state owned natural gas company, is the single biggest foreign supplier of gas to Europe.  



Israel darling APCO branded Modi may be the weak link here- of course.   Go ahead without Modi—who may be the first black skinned man in Bilderberg club.   If he lands up in Bilderberg club,  Modi will be in the garbage bin of Indian history  .

.

.


AN ORANGUTANs  WET  REM  DREAM  - 
IT BEATS CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

24, 219,471 views     VERSUS    186, 029,785 views

https://plus.google.com/+TimesNow/posts

https://plus.google.com/109255865130996771184/posts/GZQumEeeEQp
( SAME SECOND , SAME STARTING BLOCK )

.
European Union foreign ministers have launched a plea for Russia to free a Ukrainian air force officer who has been on hunger strike in a Russian prison.  

Fourteen EU ministers and the French ambassador on Monday held pictures of Nadezhda Savchenko 

Nadezhda Savchenko is in prison awaiting trial on charges of involvement in the killing of two Russian journalists during the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
BELOW: ALL MARCH TO THE BEAT OF THE SAME R DRUMMER !  THEIR COUNTRYMEN  DO NOT WANT THEM TO BE SLAVES OR R.!!!


SUBJECT :  India needs formal war history: Arun Jaitley  .  .
####################################

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/education/news/India-needs-formal-war-history-Arun-Jaitley/articleshow/46175837.cms

WHEN WIKIPEDIA ADMITS THAT 13 LAKH INDIAN SOLDIERS FOUGHT IN FIRST WORLD WAR -  WHY IS R AND ISRAELI DARLING ARUN JAITLEY REDUCING THE NUMBER TO 12 LAKH ?

WHAT IS THE CATCH ? 

WHOSE SIDE IS OUR COMMS MINISTER ON  ?

GANDHI WAS IMPORTED FROM SOUTH AFRICA BY CHITPAVAN JEW GOPAL KRISHNA GOKHALE  ON ORDERS FROM GERMAN JEW ROTHSCHILD - OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY  , WHO RULED INDIA  .  .

THE WHOLE IDEA OF A WORLD WAR WAS TO CREATE THE STATE OF ISRAEL  BY HEGELIAN DIALECTIC  .

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .


Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.

WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW ZIONIST DARLING ARUN JAILTLEY TO REDUCE THE FIGURE BY ONE LAKH   .

punch into Google search  -
 .   .   .   THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE  VADAKAYIL  .  .    .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
..
34 years ago Israel attacked Saddam Hussains’  Osirak nuclear reactor under construction in Iraq.

Israel did it unilaterally , without informing even USA.

They plan to do the same to Pakistan’s nuclear sites and put the blame on India. They will also of course bomb India too  - this is the way FALSE FLAG ATTACKS work- so that Indians attack Pakistan in full force and Pakistan responds with whatever nukes they have.

Richard V Allen narrates :-
QUOTE - I was then President Ronald Reagan’s national security adviser, after having been his chief foreign policy adviser for several years.

That Sunday afternoon, I was on my back porch in Arlington, Va., wading through a small mountain of staff memorandums, reports, diplomatic cables and the rest of my perpetually mounting paperwork. My progress was interrupted by a call on the “drop line” direct link from the communications center next to the White House Situation Room; the duty officer was requesting that I go to the special secure line, kept in a safe in my basement.

After a few fumbles with the rotary dial, I opened the safe, inserted the current secure chip and connected to the comm center. On the scratchy connection, the duty officer reported that Israeli warplanes were returning from their mission in Iraq, and were by then over Saudi airspace. Oddly, the aircraft, F-16’s and F-15’s, were thought to be unable to make a round trip to Iraq: Israel couldn’t refuel its planes in the air and landing between the two countries was considered unthinkable.

Equipped with this fragmentary information, I requested constant updates, then hastily connected to the White House switchboard and asked to be put through to President Reagan. Within seconds, an officer at Camp David answered; I directed him to get the president on the line immediately. He hesitated, then said, “Sorry, sir, he is just boarding the chopper here.”

I ordered the officer to get the president off the helicopter and to the phone without delay, but he demurred, indicating that the president might not like to be recalled. I suggested that if he wasn’t immediately brought to the phone, there would be consequences. I could hear the whirring of the helicopter blades in the background.

In what seemed an eternity but was only two minutes or so, President Reagan was on the line, a slight note of irritation in his voice: “Yes, Dick, what is it?” I quickly recited what happened, and he asked me to repeat the message. After pausing for a few seconds, he asked, “Why do you suppose they did that?” My answer was something to the effect that the Israelis clearly did not want that reactor to become operational.

He went silent, and the phone line again filled with the churning of the copter.

With characteristic aplomb, he suddenly asked: “Well, you know what?”

I said, “What, Mr. President?”

R stooge Ronald Reagan’s retort was classic: “BOYS WILL BE BOYS !“

( REST OF THE WORLD ARE TATTUs , RIGHT ?  ONLY JEWS ARE MEN ? )

http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/07/opinion/07allen.html?_r=0
 .  .

Ishan
February 10, 2015 at 12:57 AM
1. About the Ukrainian alleged-President showing Russian military passports: somebody said its phony becos Russian military aren't allowed to carry passports in case of war or secret operations. True?
2. Putin has made himself very much exposed to zionists West and they have demonized him to the fullest now. Why doesn't he start taking name of R....millions more would become his instant die hard fan!
 #############################
Hi I,
This is world intrigue.
USA cannot repay their national debt of 18.2 trillion USD without WW3.
Israel cannot have a leg in the Persian Gulf at the Basra mouth without WW3 – gaining oil and water.
R polarizes the world into two factions – like what they did in WW1 and WW2.
R never comes in front—R prefers the shadows . 
Till the internet age nobody knew that R existed.  Till the internet age nobody knew that 85% of the Bolshevik communist leaders were Jews. Putin officially declared this in a speech.
Anti-Semitism was made illegal and punishable and there are laws in 18 European countries , with LONG jail terms.   Anybody questioning R automatically becomes Anti-semitic.
In Calicut we know that some white troops did NOT understand English at all ( Rs mercenary army of Hessians )
But at the end of the WW,   R milks the all the benefits.
Putin and the Iranian president Ahmedinejad know this tried and tested R modus operandi  – they are NOT stupid.
Capt ajit vadakayil
..


SUBJECT : Kiran Bedi’s NGO got funds from foreign account holder .  .
###########################################

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Kiran-Bedis-NGO-got-funds-from-foreign-account-holder/articleshow/46179842.cms

WHY IS MODI ALLOWING HIS CM CANDIDATE FOR NEW DELHI TO RECEIVE FOREIGN FUNDS  ? .

FOREIGN FUNDS ARE THE BAIT ON A HOOK - NO MONEY IS EVER GIVEN FREE  -  BHARATMATA HAS A PRICE TO PAY  .

ANY FOREIGN CASH AWARD LIKE MAGSAYSAY IS A BRIBE TO BLEED BHARATMATA .  .

THREE PILLARS OF INDIAN DEMOCRACY ( LEGISLATURE / EXECUTIVE / BENAMI MEDIA  )RECEIVE FOREIGN FUNDS - OBVIOUSLY NOT TO SAVE BHARATMATA   .

THE LAST ARMY CHIEF RECEIVED A ZIONIST AWARD IN USA - - IS THIS ALLOWED ? WHY WAS HE NOT DISMISSED FROM SERVICE ?

WHY IS MODI ALLOWING THIS  ?

punch into Google search  -
.  .  .  .TROJAN HORSE FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs OF INDIA VADAKAYIL  .  .  . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Below:   NOT TOO BRIGHT Hillary ! Ever our desi AKKAL KA DUSHMAN is better.!!
B



Below: Mc Cain threatened to DO A GADDAFI to Putin.   Putin did NOT care  -- But I warn Modi, BAAAAA may do a Gaddafi on you --  keep personal relationships aside when you represent Bharatmata 




Below: The ONLY US President Jimmy Carter, who did NOT bow down to R-    and kill people in other nations .

Below : John Mc Cain-- a COWARD and a TRAITOR propped up as a great hero by R media .


Carter has high IQ of 154 , but R media ran down his intelligence.   
On the contrary R media propped up a cowards like Mc Cain as a great war hero .   There was a trade off to make John McCain a great hero ( like Gandhi , Churchill, Mao etc ).
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/deadly-fire-on-aircraft-carrier-uss.html
HEGELIAN DIALECTIC IS GOING ON IN INDIA WITH THE BENAMI MEDIA CRYING RAPE DAILY-   THE IDEA IS TO MAKE GENDER TILTED LAWS IN INDIA .   
EVEN A PM CAN BE JAILED ON MERE COMPLAINT OF A FOREIGN TOURIST WITHOUT PROOF. 
 IF THE SOCIAL MEDIA HAD NOT BALED OUT MODI OVER SNOOPGATE , HE WOULD HAVE BEEN IN JAIL NOW - YET THIS MAN IS UNGRATEFUL  .  
THE PERSON IN THE LINK BELOW, TOOK ON R AND NOW PAYS THE PRICE .   HE WAS FIXED BY A HOTEL MAID . 
OUR BENAMI TV DOES NOT DELIVER TRUE NEWS WITH A FULL STOP. 
THEY ONLY SPECULATE ENDLESSLY WITH A QUESTION MARK AT THE END OF A SENTENCE -  THIS IS NOT DONE BY ANY OTHER NATION ON THIS PLANT.  
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/Ex-IMF-head-Strauss-Kahn-testifies-in-French-sex-ring-trial/articleshow/46181279.cms
DO YOU HAVE SIX HOURS ?  IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE !!

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html
In the wake of the 2014 Ukrainian revolution, exiled Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych put into writing his request that Putin initiate Russia's use of military forces "to establish legitimacy, peace, law and order, stability and defending the people of Ukraine".

On the same day, Putin requested and received authorization from the Russian Parliament to deploy Russian troops to Ukraine in response to the crisis. 

Putin was NOT some dictator when he took over Crimea.  We Indians did NOTHING when Kashmiri Pandits were ethnically cleansed and their temples destroyed..

Russian troops accordingly mobilized throughout Crimea and the southeast of Ukraine.  By 2 March, Russian troops had complete control over Crimea.   Then a 16 March Crimean status referendum was held in which an majority of 93 percent of voters voted to secede from Ukraine and join Russia; but ZIONIST Western leaders had declared the referendum illegal and vowed to punish Russia with economic sanctions.
Putin, and the FREE WORLD considers the illegal overthrow of Ukraine’s democratically elected Russian president as coup.  He balanced the tilted scales by taking Crimea.

NATO has been expanding slowly and steadily.

In 1999 , NATO sucked in the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland by installing friendly regimes. In 2004 NATO sucked in Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia.   

Moscow complained bitterly- but NATO knew that Russia was too weak after the USSR breakup to respond.

In  2008 NATO wanted to suck in Georgia and Ukraine .  They declared in a grandiose manner  “These countries will become members of NATO.”

Putin told Bush “ If Ukraine was accepted into NATO, it will cease to exist.”

In 2009, NATO sucked in Albania and Croatia into the COWBOY RIDING POSSE ( coalition, allies )

The EU took the cue from NATO.
In 2008, it unveiled its Eastern Partnership initiative, a program to foster prosperity in Ukraine and integrate them into the EU economy..   The whole idea was to have a westernized Ukraine when the Jews took off for their second homeland –albeit in summer .   Zionist funded NGOs worked overtime to spread Western values –which included homosexuality and decadence. .

 In the eyes of Russian leaders, EU expansion is a stalking horse for NATO expansion.

Victoria Nuland, the U.S. assistant secretary of state for European and Eurasian affairs, estimated in December 2013 that the United States had invested more than $5 billion since 1991 to help Ukraine achieve “the future it deserves.” ( read that as a ready to cook meal )

Can India ever built an impressive military alliance with Mexico ? Can China ever build up a military alliance with Canada by regime change , putting a Hongkong Chinese on the PM chair ?

Things came to a head when in November 2013, when President Yanukovych of Ukraine rejected a major economic deal he had been negotiating with the EU and decided to accept a 15 billion USD Russian counteroffer instead.

Immediately R controlled Jews and their Zionist funded Trojan Horse NGOs whipped up endless protests .  A few dozen demonstrators would be inflated as thousands of protesters in the R controlled media.

The Zionists did regime change –as they have always done since the Battle of Waterloo.

READ ABOUT NAPOLEONs  ROYAL ASSHOLE AND PUS THIRSTY LEECHES IN THE POST BELOW-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/napoleon-unknown-side-capt-ajit.html



Putin knows that Nuland and John McCain participated in antigovernment demonstrations. Geoffrey Pyatt, the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine, taunted after Yanukovych’s toppling that it was “a day for the history books.”

As a leaked telephone recording revealed, Nuland had advocated regime change and wanted the Ukrainian politician Arseniy Yatsenyuk to become prime minister in the new government.

Taking Crimea was a piece of cake for Putin since  ethnic Russians composed more than 60 percent of its population.  Most of them has enough of Ukraine and wanted out .

Putin sharply raised the price of the natural gas Russia sells to Ukraine and demanded payment for past exports.  Putin is playing hardball with the new Zionist puppet President of Ukraine..

The United States needs Russia’s assistance to withdraw vast quantities of heavy military equipment from Afghanistan through Russian territory.

Sanathan Dharm
February 10, 2015 at 3:28 PM
Hi Captain,
you wrote the below
OK- TIME TO LEARN THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION. PUT ON YOUR PERCEPTION HATS.
YOU VOTE AND COME OUT OF A BOOTH--SOME POLLSTER ASKS YOU , WHOM YOU VOTED FOR.  

YOU SAY- I VOTED FOR AAP.

THE POLLSTER MAKES A NOTE. WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH WHICH CANDIDATE WILL WIN IN A THREE HORSE RACE ( REMEMBER THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF BOOTHS ) ?

THINK HARD . YOU WILL GET IT SOONER THAN LATER .

THIS SHOWS WHAT THE PLANETs THINKTANKS ARE WORTH.

Did we under estimate too much the AAP this time?   many are reading your website and did we all fail together to save our bharatmata from the zionsit stooges.   bahut sharam aa rahi hain that are we hindus that cheap.   forget the anpadh log but the studied people have all the information about zionist, rothschild, NGO, ford foundation in front of their computers but they only want to enjoy and drink and not think of the country.   they dont understand that people like you risk their life and family life expose these enemies but they only want girl friend and boy friend, live in relationship party sharty. making kejriwal win is like selling their mother to someone.

Captain this time allow me to predict also, all these benami foreign funded news channels and monkeys like barkha dutt, arnab goswami will make sure that AAP will be on news everyday and give gaali to Modi govt and make sure that woh sab khel bigad deenge.   lots of false flag attacks will be now seen, i just hope that he doesnt take the whole crowd and march to the parliament and do a Ukraine/Yemen style kidnap.

####################################
hi sd,

THE MOMENT BJP ANNOUNCED THAT KIRAN BEDI WILL BE THE CM CANDIDATE OF DELHI,  WHAT DID I WRITE ?

i wrote something which was unworthy of a truth exhuming blog site to say --  

I SAID THAT IF KIRAN BEDI WAS POSTED AS THE CAPTAIN OF A SHIP WITH FAR EAST CREW, WITHIN 24 HOURS THE CREW  WILL THROW HER OVERBOARD  -  ( as she has no leadership spirit – she knows only POLICING ).

for a PERCEPTION blogsite -  this is a very damaging statement to make right? People lose trust when you write “nonsense “

why did i do it ?

just to tell modi --  MAAN ,  YOU HAVE FUCKED IT UP , BIG TIME.

Kiran Bedi spAke - modi has the most beautiful face on the planet ,  and modi falls for this falthu praise.

when you are the leader of a nation-

1) you must NEVER EVER fall for fathu praise.
2) you must NEVER EVER talk about personal chemistry with another head of state.
3) you must NEVER EVER hug a head of state as soon as he gets off the plane after receiving him like a chaprasi .
4) you must NEVER EVER call a head of state by the first name -his name is MR PRESIDENT OBAMA.

HOW MANY POLLSTERS HAVE PREDICTED  67- 3 DRUBBING ?

SHOWS WHAT THEY ARE WORTH !!!!

OBJECTIVE STATISTICS DO NOT MEAN ANYTHING.

THIS IS WHY I AM TRYING TO CHANGE THE INDIAN JUDICIAL SYSTEM--  A JUDGE MUST NOT PUT HIS BRAINS IN PICKLE. 

HE MUST USE PERCEPTION.

what is perception ?
#############################
Three friends go to a bar for drinking beer ( costing 10 dollars a bottle )
As usual they take out one 10 dollar bill each from their wallets and gives the waiter,  3 nos 10 dollar  notes or 30 dollars.
The bar owner is in a expansive mood and he tells the waiter -- "happy hour time! -- give them 5 dollars back!!-- i will charge only 25 dollars for 3 beers today ".
The clever waiter knows 5 dollars cannot be split between 3 regular dutchmen. so he pockets 2 dollars and returns 3 one dollar notes .
The three of them put back one dollar each into their respective wallets.  Initially each wallet had one 10 dollar bill--now it has only one single dollar bill.

Now comes the perception part:

All three of them spent 9 dollars each-- 27 dollars total.

The waiter got 2 dollars.

WHERE IS ONE DOLLAR GONE-- POOF???

a judge in a court will think for hours-- yet he will NOT get it right .

literacy has nothing to do with perception.  a illiterate chaiwala boy in mumbai can make an ass out of you, when it comes to accounts.

Daft accountants make a mistake when it comes to "receipts" and " balance ".


Here in this case it is - 30+0= 27+3.

Opening cash + receipts = spent cash+ balance cash.  It can never ever be 30-3+2=29

See, you cant argue with dorks.  

2 dollars is something which happened in the mann mandir of the waiter.  How do you know that he stole 2 dollars ?


WHY SHOULD YOU BOTHER ABOUT WHAT WENT ON INSIDE  THE MANGY WAITERS MIND ?

even kejriwal cannot figure this out-- he may be IRS - but he is NOT smart enough  .
###################################

this is what happens in our courts today - the wrong man is punished by the EMINENT judge --while if a illiterate chaiwalla BOY was there in the jURY he would figure this out -aaaram se .

NOW TIME TO PUT COLD WATER ON AK-49s HEAD.

ABHE KEJRIWAAAALEEE --  IT WAS A VOTE AGAINST KIRAN BEDI . 

SO DO NOT CLIMB TOO MUCH ON CHANNE KA JHAAAD  .

MODI HAS NOT DELIVERED HIS PROMISES TO HINDUS - 

example ?

this blog site wanted him to stop the nonsense in the ancient kodungallur shakti temple -- where jesus christ studied -- told him several times -- my followers told him several times --

all modi had to do was to say 3 words –

STOP THIS NONSENSE !

he did NOT do it.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html

prannoy roy (with a IRISH mother) is gloating as if he won the delhi elections. 

his side kick the rabidly anti-hindu barkha dutt is drooling all over the place  .

both say modi lost due to HINDU FRINGE ELEMENTS .

HEY - SHOVE YOUR REVERSE PSYCHOLOGY .

ON THE CONTRARY , HINDUS VOTED AGAINST MODI -   AS HE KICKED THEM ON THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS  .  MODI ALLOWED CHITPAVAN PRAKASH JAVEDEKAR TO PLEASE HIS ZIONIST MASTERS BY PRAISING GM CROPS ,  AND UMA BHARATI TO SAY THAT ISRAEL WOULD BE INVITED TO DO RIVER INTERLINKING IN INDIA .

I ASK MODI - DO NOT BE DESPONDENT .

SACK KIRAN BEDI  !!

LET HER GO BACK TO HER R OPIUM FOUNDED GORA UNIVERSITIES TO LECTURE AGAINST BHARATMATA   .

RULE WELL !

PUNISH ALL THOSE WHOSE LOYALTIES LIE IN FOREIGN LANDS !!

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Long ago at Mumbai airport I was just entering the GATE for boarding .   
A young female started asking me questions – what time I got off my taxi, what time I check my baggage, what time I stood in line for immigration, what time I check in at the customs counter – BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH .
I asked her , how long have you been going this ?
She spAke “ One month !”
Then I asked   “ Do you know all this is BULLSH#T ?   Don’t you have perception ?  Tell your boss what I am telling you ”
Two days later an officer joined my ship – same flight same gate –
They had stopped the bullsh#t ..
You must have noted my NAÏVE SAILOR SERIES -   sailors can be so fu#kin’ stupid—I stopped it when I felt that the SEA does not deserve this muck raking.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/snow-shovelling-and-backache-capt-ajit.html
Shivoham
February 10, 2015 at 11:22 PM
Hi capt,

Update..
http://rt.com/usa/230823-monarch-butterflies-monsanto-massacre/


Are Butterflies equally important as Bees?

ReplyDelete
Replies
#############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 11, 2015 at 4:58 AM
hi s,

I WILL MAKE SURE ALL THESE ISRAEL DARLINGS WHO ARE INTRODUCING GM CROPS IN INDIA , LAND UP IN THE GARBAGE BIN OF INDIAN HISTORY .

Bees are excellent pollinators as they collect honey. But they cannot travel too far.

Butterflies can travel longer distances, ensuring coverage of equal amounts of flowering plants in a larger area. But that's not all: There are also moths and birds, to name a few other pollinators.

Although they all are only looking for food — nectar— they actually help plants reproduce.

Butterflies pollinate during the day while flowers are open and they have a better color perception than bees or even humans.

They can see red, their favorite color, while bees cannot. They also find their nectar by being able to see ultraviolet light which makes flower markings very distinct to them.

More than 90 percent of all plants need a pollinator to distribute pollen to set fruit and seeds.

In the Hollywood movie INTERSTELLAR they show that GM crops have decimated all birds, bees and butterflies and planet earth has become a dust bowl- with only GM corn left for food, which was also creating disease and allergy.

GMO food, drenched in neonics- kills the pollinaters . You do NOT see any bees , butterflies and birds in Singapore.

In addition to neonicotinoids produced by Zionist companies , pesticides like Monsanto's

Roundup, used to grow GMO crops-and also used to contain (kill) weeds in home lawns are decimating pollinators, fish and wildlife, and human health.

NOW KEJRIWAL AND MAMATA BANNERJEE WILL PROVIDE WI FI FOR WHOLE CITIES LIKE DELHI AND CALCUTTA AND DRIVE AWAY WHATEVER POLLINATORS WE HAVE - JUST LIKE PLASTIC SINGAPORE.

IF CHITAPAVAN PRAKASH JAVEDEKAR HAD KNOW ABOUT THIS, HE WOULD HAVE DONE IT FIRST.

India must reduce the radiation limit of all the 3G towers from 10W/ Sq m to 5-- cut down by half--or we go the Singapore way, no bees -- all plastic !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/queen-bee-and-darwin-capt-ajit.html


At home in Calicut when we open the door in the morning just before sunrise—we can hear hundreds of small birds, see bees, butterflies, squirrels - my pet cats chasing them for fun, with the strains of suprabatham wafting from a nearby temple-

-this is sheer HEAVEN .

THE BEST THINGS OF LIFE ARE FREE !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html


capt ajit vadakayil
..


Above: My pet cats and the squirrels have a HIDE and SEEK session on the red flower tree ( nectar ) on the right hand side.  It is a treat to watch how the squirrels give royal CHAKMA to the cats.   
My advise to my readers - LIVE WELL , YOU HAVE ONLY ONE LIFE !   It is NOT about money , extract happiness from nature- it is FREE .
You cannot make your home PAGE 3 – where a ego powered woman so wrapped up in herself will drag 4 feet of her gown on the dirty red carpet to draw the eyes of the world.


All India Bakchod was all about propagating anal sex .   The Zionist DNA is warped , and they want safety in numbers . How many of the audience and on the stage - were NOT pretending to laugh ? IS THIS THE WAY YOU LAUGH WHEN YOU ARE DELIGHTED ?
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2fwnv3

Putin landed yesterday in Cairo for a two-day state visit. He was greeted warmly by President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, who received a personal gift from the guest: an AK-47 rifle.

What is so special about a 68 year old rifle.

Because it is still the best !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/ak-47-rifle-which-stood-test-of-time.html

Indians must never forget that when Portugal sent a huge navy to retake Goa after India captured the state , Egypt shut down the Suez Canal.     



The COWBOY RIDING POSSE ( which Modi wants to join ) was on the side of Portugal.    Russia vetoed and supported India in UNSC. 
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

HERE IS A WESTERN NEWSPAPER CALLING PUTIN EVIL AND COMPARING HIM TO HITLER. 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-2948584/DAILY-MAIL-COMMENT-Hitler-Putin-lesson-history.html

TODAY THE FREE WORLD KNOWS THAT HILTER WAS NOT EVIL  .

CHECK OUT THE TRUTH IN THE POST BELOW  -

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/when-lie-is-mightier-than-sword-capt.html



Western journalism has failed in Ukraine. When innocent women and children die in cross fire , you must NOT allow anything to over ride your conscience . 

Zionists have introduced EVIL journalism called EMBEDDED REPORTING.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html

The basic rule taught in schools of journalism is that there are almost always two sides to a story and that journalists should try to reflect that reality.

This blogsite warns the US media. History will judge you critically and ALL of you will be in the GARBAGE BIN of journalism .

You are guilty of holding on to your jobs by telling FOUL LIES,  your reporting goes totally haywire when a child who is shot through her head is a Russian speaking child in East Ukraine. 

If it was a Ukrainian speaking Jew child you reporting will be 100% different.  You will just  regurgitate the propaganda from the Zionist masters of AIPAC.

SHAME ON YOU  !

The ENTIRE Western media had ignored the sufferings of the Russian speaking East Ukrainians whose families have lived there for hundreds of years.

More than 6000 innocent people have died .  Yet the western media remain PIMPS for their Zionist masters.   These immoral journalists all blame Putin.   They remained silent witness when Jews overthrew a legally elected Ukrainian president.    You KOSHER chickens will come home to roost sooner than later.

What is this  Human Rights Watch,  financed by pro-coup billionaire George Soros, worth?
Mark my words, times of changing .

ALL WAR CRIMINALS WILL BE TRIED WHEN BRICS COMES TO POWER .   

AND THIS WILL INCLUDE JOURNALISTS / HUMAN RIGHTS GROUPS / UN AGENCIES GIVING FALSE  INFORMATION  .
Reckless violation of professional principles by PRESSTITUTES is pushing this planet  toward a potential nuclear conflagration.

EMBEDDED MAIN STREAM MEDIA REPORTERS WILL BE TRIED AS WAR CRIMINALS IN FUTURE .
Victoria Jane Nuland,  US Assistant Secretary of State and John McCain participated in antigovernment demonstrations in Ukraine . Geoffrey Pyatt, the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine, taunted after Yanukovych’s toppling that it was “a day for the history books.”

On February 4, 2014, a recording of a phone call between Nuland and U.S. ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey Pyatt, on January 28, 2014 was published on YouTube

In their phone conversation, Nuland and Pyatt discussed who should be in the government after Viktor Yanukovych's ouster, with the name of Arseniy Yatseniuk (whom Nuland refers to as "Yats") coming up several times

Above:  Victoria Nuland is Jewish, her  family’s original surname being Nudelman.
 Taking Crimea was a piece of cake for Putin since  ethnic Russians composed more than 60 percent of its population.  Most of them has enough of Ukraine and wanted out .

Putin sharply raised the price of the natural gas Russia sells to Ukraine and demanded payment for past exports.  Putin is playing hardball with the new Zionist puppet President of Ukraine..

The United States needs Russia’s assistance to withdraw vast quantities of heavy military equipment from Afghanistan through Russian territory.

Nuland’s  Jew husband Robert Kagan founded the The Project for the New American Century (PNAC) an Zionist American think tank NGO based in Washington, D.C. established in 1997 .  The PNAC's stated goal is "to promote American global leadership” –while  PNAC aimed to promote American "hegemony"

This NGO is now called  Foreign Policy Initiative.

In 2005, the European Union considered lifting the arms embargo placed on Beijing. The embargo was put in place after the events at Tiananmen Square in 1989. The PNAC wrangled a deal that the EU not lift the embargo until--   A general amnesty of all prisoners of conscience, including those imprisoned in connection to peaceful protest in 1989, and public trials by independent court for those charged with 'criminal' acts.

PNAC  used the events of 9/11 as the "Pearl Harbor" as an "opportunity" to "capitalize on", in order to enact long-desired plans.

Pearl Harbour attack was a self inflicted FALSE FLAG ATTACK.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/the-lie-of-pearl-harbour-revealed-capt.html
PNAC influenced  President George W. Bush to invade Iraq over FAKE WMD charges..




Below: The REAL reason why millions of innocent people died !



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/worth-more-than-sum-total-of-entire.html


Nobody knows how R suddenly became rich in 1799.

Check out the links below to know how.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html
Below: In 1798 Nathan Rothchild had NO money- in 1799 he stole Tipu Sultan's gold and became the richest on the planet -  this is Kerala temple gold belonging to the King of Calicut ( my hometown ) - earned over millenniums from spice trade and selling translated knowledge to the richest man on the planet King Mansa Musa of Mali  

Below: Loaded with meaning- gift to Egyptian president

ONE GREAT ACHIEVEMENT OF THIS BLOG SITE?
IT SHAMED WIKIPEDIA INTO INCLUDING A POST ON IE IRODOV.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/ie-irodov-tribute-to-russian-professor.html




Russia's annexation of the Crimea was fuelled by concerns that it would lose access to its Black Sea Fleet naval base at Sevastopol if Ukraine continued to move towards NATO and European integration.

Putin wants that  NATO policy should shift towards recognizing Ukraine as a buffer state between NATO and Russia, rather than attempting to absorb Ukraine into NATO/ EU.

BAIT AND BLEED is a foul Zionist strategy.

The aim is to induce rival states to engage in a protracted war of attrition against each other "so that they bleed each other white", while the baiter who encouraged the conflict remains on the sidelines, maintaining its military strength.

BAIT AND BLEED  and BLOODLETTING will be a Zionist policy when it comes to INDIA, PAKISTAN and CHINA.

BLOODLETTING is a  strategy which does not involve incitement or baiting by a third party. When a state's rivals have gone to war independently, the aim is to encourage the conflict to continue as long as possible, in order to let the rival states weaken or "bleed" each other's military strength, while the bloodletting party stays out of the fighting.

This strategy is exemplified in then-U. S. Senator Harry Truman's statement in 1941 regarding the Nazi invasion of Russia, "If we see that Germany is winning we ought to help Russia, and if Russia is winning we ought to help Germany, and that way let them kill as many as possible."

Another example of this strategy was Russia's withdrawal from World War I while the fighting in Europe between Germany and the remaining Allies continued.

In his report to the Third Congress of Soviets in 1918, Jew Vladimir Lenin argued that by withdrawing from the conflict "we rid ourselves...of both imperialistic groups fighting each other. We can take advantage of their strife...and use that period when our hands are free to develop and strengthen the Jewish Socialist Revolution."

Russia's annexation of the Crimea was fuelled by concerns that it would lose access to its Black Sea Fleet naval base at Sevastopol if Ukraine continued to move towards NATO and European integration.

Putin wants that  NATO policy should shift towards recognizing Ukraine as a buffer state between NATO and Russia, rather than attempting to absorb Ukraine into NATO/ EU.

BAIT AND BLEED is a foul Zionist strategy.

The aim is to induce rival states to engage in a protracted war of attrition against each other "so that they bleed each other white", while the baiter who encouraged the conflict remains on the sidelines, maintaining its military strength.

BAIT AND BLEED  and BLOODLETTING WILL BE A ZIONIST POLICY WHEN IT COMES TO INDIA, PAKISTAN and CHINA.

BLOODLETTING is a  strategy which does not involve incitement or baiting by a third party. When a state's rivals have gone to war independently, the aim is to encourage the conflict to continue as long as possible, in order to let the rival states weaken or "bleed" each other's military strength, while the bloodletting party stays out of the fighting.

This strategy is exemplified in then-U. S. Senator Harry Truman's statement in 1941 regarding the Nazi invasion of Russia, "If we see that Germany is winning we ought to help Russia, and if Russia is winning we ought to help Germany, and that way let them kill as many as possible."

Another example of this strategy was Russia's withdrawal from World War I while the fighting in Europe between Germany and the remaining Allies continued.

In his report to the Third Congress of Soviets in 1918, Jew Vladimir Lenin argued that by withdrawing from the conflict "we rid ourselves...of both imperialistic groups fighting each other. We can take advantage of their strife...and use that period when our hands are free to develop and strengthen the Jewish Socialist Revolution."

ISIS armed and funded  by Zionists is a classing example of BLOODLETTING where SHIA and SUNNIS kill each other and cause a DNA program divide which will last till eternity . 

I must remark here that the crusades were part of DNA programming ,where descendants of BRIHASPATI and SHUKRACHARYA revived their enmity in new forms  .

krazzy desi
February 11, 2015 at 7:06 PM
Hi captain,

what is your view about the Death Marches of 1945?
Wikipedia says this--
QUOTE-"Death marches (Todesmärsche in German) refer to the forcible movements of prisoners in Nazi Germany. They occurred at various points during the Holocaust, including in 1939 in the Lublin province of Poland, in 1942 in Ukraine, and between Autumn 1944 and late April 1945 from Nazi concentration camps and prisoner of war camps near the front, to camps inside Germany away from front lines and Allied forces to remove evidence from concentration camps and to prevent the repatriation of prisoners of war" UNQUOTE

ReplyDelete
Replies
############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 11, 2015 at 7:24 PM
hi kd,

there was a serbian inqusition stage managed by the CATHOLIC pope to punish the ORTHODOX christians who did NOT accept the concept of a middleman ( in vatican ) between humans and god.

This serbian inquisition was all about extraordinary sadism .

Punishments included cutting of limbs, castration with organ stuffed into mouth , cutting off breasts, crucification, burning in furnaces alive, hanging, decapitation, impaling via the anus , hammering on skull and knee caps , cleaving skulls with a speacial knife called " serb chopper ", gouging eyes, ritualistic cannibalism of eyes and tongues , infecting with Typhus germ , DEATH MARCHES IN WINTER , starvation , throwing off mountain cliffs , running over by tanks, being forced to drink the warm blood of their slaughtered kin , rapes of minor girls in the altars of Orthodox churches, sons forced to rape their own mothers etc .

today the Jews use the DEATH MARCH LIE to gain falthu sympathy .

actually the german POWs were victims of these death marches- NOT the jews.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/last-crusader-of-last-inquisition-capt.html

WIKIPEDIA IS CONTROLLED BY ZIONISTS.

ALL THIS IMMORAL LYING WILL END -- WHEN BRICSpedia TAKES OFF.

capt ajit vadakayil

Below : These are German uniforms !



THE WHITE CHRISTIAN MAN KNOWS THE TRUTH TODAY AND HE IS ANGRY WITH THE ZIONISTS 






http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disarmed_Enemy_Forces
above link:  WIKIPEDIA IS A JEWISH MOUTH PIECE - 
CHECK OUT WHAT THEY HAVE TO SAY ABOUT "DISARMED ENEMY FORCES " TO CIRCUMVENT ALL RULES OF WAR-- THE GENEVA CONVENTION.- 
AN INVENTION OF AN CRIMINAL MIND-- THE EVIL MIND OF JEW GEN EISENHOWER WHO BECAME A US PRESIDENT CHOSEN BY A GRATEFUL R.
http://en.metapedia.org/wiki/War_crimes_of_Dwight_Eisenhower
above link :CHECK OUT THE WAR CRIMES OF WAR CRIMINAL GEN EISENHOWER "IKE"


SIX MILLION JEWS DID NOT EXIST IN THE WHOLE OF EUROPE DURING THE SECOND WORLD WAR . 

NOT A SINGLE BOOK WRITTEN BY THE WHITE MAN ( CHRISTIAN OR JEW ) MENTIONS 25 LAKH INDIAN SOLDIERS WHO FOUGHT IN WORLD WAR 2 -- ALL RACISTS OF THE FIRST ORDER.    
IF THIS BLOGSITE HAD NOT REVEALED THE NAKED TRUTH- THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN FORGOTTEN  .  
TODAY WIKIPEDIA ACCEPTS IT . 
THIS IS THE NO 1 ACHIEVEMENT OF THIS BLOG SITE  

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Army_during_World_War_II


QUOTE :  The Indian Army began the war, in 1939, numbering just under 200,000 men.[1] By the end of the war it had become the largest volunteer army in history, rising to over 2.5 million men in August 1945.[1][2] Serving in divisions of infantry, armour and a fledgling airborne force, they fought on three continents in Africa, Europe and Asia.[1]  UNQUOTE 

THIS BLOG SITE WILL NOT ALLOW ZIONIST DARLING MODI AND HIS SIDE KICK ARUN JAITLEY  TO FUDGE OUR NCERT TEXT BOOKS USING PEOPLE LIKE RAJIV MALHOTRA-  WHO HAS NOT WRITTEN OR SAID ONE SENTENCE ABOUT R -- POORA RAMAYAN KA PARAAYAN HO GAYA , RAVAN KA TIKHAANA HAI HI NAHI ?!

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/mahatma-gandhi-re-writing-indian.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html



 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/assassination-of-general-george-patton.html

GEN PATTON WAS ASSASSINATED AS HE SWORE AGAINST FILTHY JEWS OFTEN AND SLAPPED A JEW SOLDIER FOR COWARDICE.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhMLC_MYaSw

THE YOUTUBE VIDEO LINK WHERE PATTON SLAPS THE COWARDLY MALINGERING  JEW SOLDIER WILL BE DELETED BY JEW HASBARAS IN A FEW DAYS- SO BETTER WE STICK TO THE PHOTO 





dr.daideepyaFebruary 11, 2015 at 8:14 PM
Other Side of AAM AADMI PARTY : Indian Security Experts say Arvind Kejriwal is a Political Terrorist

XX


Foreign funded Indian NGO's now in capacity to form their Governments & trigger Political terrorism

XXX
ReplyDelete

Replies
















Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 11, 2015 at 8:34 PM
hi d,

tomorrow even you can stand for elections as an independent - promise all slum dwellers a FLAT WITH AC, FRIDGE , COMPUTER AND CABLE TV -

the problem is the wherewithal -- for you need money and that is NOT available in the BUDGET.

so the modus operandi is to contact a mafia don and tell him that you will allow his to LOOT when you become CM.

A SLIMY POLITICIAN DOES NOT HAVE THE MONEY IN THE BUDGET - TO DELIVER ON FALSE PROMISES .

HE WILL TAKE MONEY FROM R - WHO HAS PUT HIM IN POWER -- CATAPULTED HIM TO LIMELIGHT USING MAGSAYSAY AWARD.

AND LATER ALLOW R TO BLEED THE STATE HE RULES-AND ENTRUSTED TO PROTECT FROM WOLVES .

DESH BHAKTS IN CBI / RAW / IB / FERA MUST KEEP A HAWKs EYE.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Even a dimwit Geramn knows that his / her chancellor Angela Merkel does NOT represent the true voice of Germans .   

This R pupper in her desire to continue on her chair ,  has always been more concerned about the Jewish people who killed her nation’s image,  than her own German people.

The Jews have made the Germans pay them billions of dollars in reparations for their trumped up Holocaust hoax.

Merkel has vowed to do everything she can in her power “to ensure anti-Semitism doesn’t have a chance”.

David Ben-Gurion admitted in 1956 that the Jews had stolen the Palestinians' land. Ben Gurion does NOT need to certify anything. The modern Israeli looks different from Palestinians and their neighbouring country people. Their DNA is different.

"I don't understand your optimism,' Ben Gurion declared. 'Why should the Arabs make peace? If I was an Arab leader I would never make terms with Israel. That is natural: we have taken their country. Sure, God promised it to us, but what does that matter to them? Our God is not theirs. We come from Israel, it's true, but two thousand years ago, and what is that to them? There has been antisemitism, the Nazis, Hitler, Auschwitz, but was that their fault? They only see one thing: we have come here and stolen their country. Why should they accept that? They may perhaps forget in one or two generations' time, but for the moment there is no chance. So it's simple: we have to stay strong and maintain a powerful army. Our whole policy is there. Otherwise the Arabs will wipe us out.'"—David Ben-Gurion, quoted in: N. Goldmann, The Jewish Paradox, Grosset & Dunlap, New York, (1978), p. 99.

President Ahmadinejad stated-
"Today, they have created a myth in the name of Holocaust and consider it to be above God, religion and the prophets, [***] If you committed this big crime, then why should the oppressed Palestinian nation pay the price? This is our proposal: If you committed the crime, then give a part of your own land in Europe, the United States, Canada or Alaska to them so that the Jews can establish their country."—S. Delacourt, "Iranian President Denies Holocaust, Sparks Outrage", The Toronto Star, (15 December 2005), p. A1.

Zionists have always made the truth a taboo subject.  AIPAC and ADL  often accuses those who speak the truth of "anti-Semitism".

Angela Merkel is NOT very bright- like Hillary Clinton.  She rose to power and continued on the chair , only due to R’s largesse. The day she utters a single word against the Jew , in support of her German countryman , see what happens to her.  She bends over back wards to accommodate Zionists -  she defied the will of her own people and promoted America's illegal Zionist aggression against Iraq.

"The security of Israel is for me as German Chancellor never negotiable," Merkel spAke.

"Compassion arises from taking responsibility for the past," she spAke again.

"Only if Germany admits to her Nazi [ethnic nationalist] past can the future be humane," she spAke YEY YENATHER TIME


Right now she is flying high.   She will be in the garbage bin of FREE world’s history.
Below: R loves her-- she is safe as long as she keeps criticising her own nation's past 

Below:   Jew funded foreign mercenery legions in Ukraine.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html



Below: News for ISRAEL DARLING Modi.  


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/false-flag-attack-on-iran-could-trigger.html

Angela Merkel was chosen by the Bilderberg INNER club and she has attended the Bilderberg Conference .
Do you expect this R chosen woman to be a FAIR arbitrator in the Ukraine crisis?
IN THE LINK BELOW – CLICK ON –TRANSLATE THIS PAGE
http://www.zeitenschrift.com/news/bilderberger-treffen-2005-in-deutschland

France’s Francois Hollande who is always with Merkel , talking to Putin,  is another Bilderberg stooge.

SUBJECT: Don't encroach on executive turf, Modi govt tells SC  .  .   .      http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Dont-encroach-on-executive-turf-Modi-govt-tells-SC/articleshow/46206173.cms
#########################

THE FIRST THING MODI IS DOING RIGHT IN MORE THAN A MONTH  . .

WHY HAS MODI NOT TOLD THIS BEFORE ?

I HAVE RAISED THIS ISSUE SEVERAL TIMES IN MY BLOG POSTS -ABOUT JUDICIAL OVER REACH  .  .  .

who were these supreme court judges - - foot slogging UNSUCCESSFUL lawyers - bottom of the school cerebral barrel ?

NOW THE NEXT THING TO DO IS TO MAKE SURE ALL 4 PILLARS ARE DESH BHAKTS .

LEGISLATURE, EXECUTIVE, JUDICIARY AND MAIN STREAM MEDIA  .

STRAIGHT AWAY YOU CAN SAY THAT OUR MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS BENAMI AND HENCE NOT ELIGIBLE TO BE PART OF OUR DEMOCRACY  .

STRENGTHEN OUR CBI,  RAW,  IB,   FERA  SO THAT WE KNOW THE CORRUPTION GOING ON IN RAJYA SABHA  .

punch into Google search  -
.  .   .   .  .ABOLISH THE RAJYA SABHA VADAKAYIL  .  .  .  .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


In his annual speech on 4 December 2014 Putin stated that the March 2014 annexation of Crimean was a “historic event” that would not be reversed because Crimea is Russia's spiritual ground "the same as Temple Mount in Jerusalem for those who confess Islam and Judaism. And this is exactly how we will treat it from here for ever".  BRAVO !

IN INDIA KASHMIRI PANDITS ARE STILL HANGING 9 MONTHS AFTER MESSIAH MODI HAS COME INTO POWER  .

During his first term in office, Putin showed the political skills , and acted swifty to curb the political ambitions of some of the Yeltsin-era oligarchs, resulting in the exile or imprisonment of such people as Boris Berezovsky, Vladimir Gusinsky, Mikhail Khodorkovsky.  Other oligarchs such as Roman Abramovich and Arkady Rotenberg showed patriotism and soon joined Putin's camp

Putin presided over an intensified fight with VICIOUS organised crime and terrorism that resulted in two times lower murder rates by 2011, as well as significant reduction in the numbers of terrorist acts by the late 2000s (decade).   It takes real guts , determination and political will to do this. 

MODI HAS NOT SHOWN ANY POLITICAL WILL TO IMPRISON OR ATLEAST WARN THE OPENLY DESH DROHI MAIN STREAM MEDIA .  WHAT TIES HIS APCO HANDS , I KNOW !
I know so many juicy stories about the Russian mafia from my Russian officers.

The Russians who ship base is in the far east go to Japan. In Japan they buy second hand Japanese cars – all in good condition. They place these cars on board ( not allowed ) . Every nook and corner is occupied including the bridge wings and monkey island compass deck-since even the Captain is doing it.. 

As soon as the ship comes to Vladivostok, they ship’s Russian crew lines up the cars on the quay. Customs is bribed .  Car buyers/ brokers for mafia / mafia themselves come and name the prices.  

So the third engineer has a lovely Mitsubishi 6 cylinder sports model ( like the one my elder son has ). He wanted it for himself.  So a mafia guy with gold jewellery approached him and told him the price. The third engineer said NO .

The mafia guy increased the price drastically , as he badly wanted the car.  Third engineer said NO—I want this car for myself.   There are rentable car sheds with door and lock , in case you want to store your car and take it away after a couple of months.

The mafia guy has a steel rod with him .    He first whacked the third engineer so badly that he nearly had multiple fractures.  Then he used to pointed end of the heavy steel rod, to poke large holes all over the car’s body, with nearly 50 people watching and smashed up the windscreen

Nobody could do a thing as these people have guns .

Another officer bought a car for himself and kept it in a rented shed . When he came the next voyage he checked out his car. The door and lock was intact .  But the car inside was missing.  Some mafia guy has seen the car, rented the shed next to it , removed the intervening wall and stolen the car.

Japanese tourists used to come to Vladivostok in droves and buy Russian TV .   This made the Russians very proud as Jap TV was any day better than Russian TV in quality .   Later it so transpired that as soon as they bought the TV, the broke it and removed the thick polished grainy wood outer shell .  This wooden shell would fit the Jap Sony model .  TEE HEEEE ! 

This reminds me, when I was a kid I used to throw away them large Rosgollas and drink only the flavoured sugar syrup . 
 Putin repaid all of the Soviet Union's debts by 2005.  After 18 years of trying, Russia joined the World Trade Organization on 22 August 2012. However, there were few immediate economic benefits evident from that WTO membership.

Russia diversified its export markets by building the Trans-Siberian oil pipeline to the markets of China, Japan and Korea, as well as the Sakhalin–Khabarovsk–Vladivostok gas pipeline in the Russian Far East. Putin sought to increase Russia's share of the European energy market by building submerged gas pipelines bypassing Ukraine and other countries which were often seen as non-reliable transit partners by Russia, especially following Russia-Ukraine gas disputes of the late 2000s

In 2012, Putin was honored in Bethlehem and a street was named after him.  Putin regularly attends the most important services of the Russian Orthodox Church on the main Orthodox Christian holidays. Putin is NOT a SOULESS COMMIE SON OF A BITCH .   Putin is popular amongst the Russian Jewish community, who see him as a force for stability.  . Russia's chief rabbi, Berel Lazar, said Putin "paid great attention to the needs of our community and related to us with a deep respect.

Putin has also sought to increase Russian military presence in the Arctic. In August 2007, a Russian expedition planted a flag on the seabed below the North Pole.  Modi must know that Japan is a loggerheads with Russia and China.   Antediluvian xenophobia runs deep.  When we last trusted Japan they ate 22,000 of our soldiers,.


INDIA CANNOT ANTAGONISE RUSSIA AND NEIGHBOUR CHINA.   ALICE IN WONDERLAND cum  GUJARAT MODEL ,  PM MODI MUST KNOW THIS !


Above:  Ever since Modi's US visa was denied, he has this PATHOLOGICAL NEED for acceptance by the Zionist nations and join the COWBOY RIDING POSSE 
Ukraine is one place the SUPER CONFIDENT Zionists have screwed it up royally.  Ukraine has funds only to cover 12 days of imports .  They need 50 BILLION USD immediately  .

Last two world wars had US citizens enjoying peace while the whole world was in flames.

IN WORLD WAR THREE,    PUTIN WILL TAKE THE FIGHT TO THE US MAINLAND ,  WITHIN MINUTES OF DRAWING FIRST RUSSIAN BLOOD --  AND THE WHOLE OF US WILL BE IN FLAMES.  RAMBO 5 ( or is it 6 ) CAN DO NOTHING ABOUT IT

 . 
Nelson SinghFebruary 12, 2015 at 8:19 AM
namaste sir

http://sputniknews.com/politics/20150211/1018111141.html#ixzz3RS15BseG


"Russian arms are more reliable and effective during crises since they cannot be switched off by manufacturers of weapons systems produced in the US and sold overseas, Greek experts said ".

when such small country knew that it is risky to buy wepons from western counteries why is india so naive to such threats. our defence upper echelon and intelligence agencies should wakeup or else we will be doomed.

regards
Nelson Singh.
ReplyDelete

Replies












Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 12, 2015 at 11:14 AM
hi ns,

R became the richest person on the planet , because the french branch of R family provided rockets to tipu sultan --

-- all DUDS.

tipu sultan was shot on his cheek while having breakfast . his palace soldiers were sent for monthly salary collection and were standing in queue.

despite tipu's death his loyalists tried to stage a fightback .

NOT ONE ROCKET WOULD FIRE.

THIS WAS BLAMED BY THE FRENCH R FAMILY( WHO COLLECTED A FORTUNE FOR SELLING THE ROCKETS ) AS KEPT IN A WET PLACE WHILE STORING !!

WESTERN WEAPON COMPANIES GIVE 20% KICK BACK.

YOU BUY WEAPONS WORTH 10000 CRORE , 2000 CRORES LANDS UP IN THE POCKET OF THE MINISTER AND HIS CHELA.

I AM SURE MODI /PARIKKAR ARE NOT SO NAIVE LITTLE BO PEEPS .

WHAT IS THE USE OF BUYING A SUBMARINE WHICH CANNOT HIDE.

THERE IS NO NEED FOR SATELLITE -- THE ELECTRONIC CIRCUITRY IS PRETTY BASIC- AND CAN BE MADE BY EVEN AN UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete
 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 12, 2015 at 11:17 AM
I DO NOT WANT ABOVE TO BE PUT IN ZIONIST DARLING MODIs WEBSITE--

SINCE HE CAME TO POWER IN THE PAST 9 MONTHS -- I HAVE TOLD HIM 5 TIMES .

KURSI MAANGTHA HAI NA ?!

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Relations between Russia and the United Kingdom deteriorated when the United Kingdom granted political asylum to Putin's former patron, oligarch Boris Berezovsky in 2003. But all hell broke loose when Snowden sought asylum in Russia.   This deterioration was intensified by allegations that the Zionists in Britain were spying and making secret payments to pro-democracy and human rights NGOs.

In April 2008, Putin became the first Russian President who visited Libya.[235] Putin condemned the foreign military intervention of Libya, he called UN resolution as "defective and flawed," and added "It allows everything. It resembles medieval calls for crusades." Upon the death of Muammar Gaddafi, Putin called it as "planned murder" by the US, saying: "They showed to the whole world how he (Gaddafi) was killed," and "There was blood all over. Is that what they call a democracy?"

In June 2012, in Paris, Putin rejected the statement of R stooge and French President Francois Hollande who called on Bashar Al-Assad to step down. Putin opposed any foreign intervention. Putin echoed the argument of the Assad regime that anti-regime '’militants'’ were responsible for much of the bloodshed.   Putin talked about previous NATO interventions and their results, and asked "What is happening in Libya, in Iraq? Did they become safer? Where are they heading? Nobody has an answer."

A series of the so-called R sponsored color revolutions in the post-Soviet states, namely the Rose Revolution in Georgia in 2003, the Orange Revolution in Ukraine in 2004 and the Tulip Revolution in Kyrgyzstan in 2005, led to frictions in the relations of those countries with Russia.

In December 2004, Putin criticised the Rose and Orange Revolution, according to him: "If you have permanent revolutions you risk plunging the post-Soviet space into endless conflict"

The International court of Justice , Hague held the Russian Federation liable for $50 billion, finding that” it bankrupted the country's largest oil producer to plunder the company's assets” ( sic !).  It is largest arbitral award ever made.

This courts  main functions are to settle legal disputes submitted to it by states and to provide advisory opinions on legal questions submitted to it by duly authorized international branches, agencies, and the UN General Assembly.

In international law, a sovereign state is a nonphysical juridical entity that is represented by one centralised government that has sovereignty over a geographic area.

Organizations, private enterprises, and individuals CANNOT have their cases taken to the International Court, such as to appeal a national supreme court's ruling. Every rule is being bent by Zionists. UN is another arm for R to subvert the planet.

Yukos was owned by Jew oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky, then Russia’s richest man, who was arrested in 2003 and convicted of fraud and tax evasion in 2005.   He served 10 years in jail and was pardoned by President Vladimir Putin in December last year.

It is high time BRICS takes over this planet from R and his cronies. 


The International court of Justice in Hague is used as R’s personal KANGAROO COURT  to dish out retribution. 

 .



ZIONIST DARLING  CHITPAVAN PRAKASH JAVEDEKAR CANT STOP SINGING THE PRAISES OF GMO FOODS -  HE LITERALLY DROOLS !  ALMOST ALL OUR THOUSANDS OF STRAINS OF VEDIC SEEDS ARE NOW EXTINCT - GM SEEDS ARE TERMINATOR / STERILE SEEDS  
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html

Below: An intelligent  US president who could NOT be controlled by R.


Putin has made R and his stooges SH#T in  their pants.

The FREE WORLD , sick and tired of R monopoly sees hope on the horizon.

Boris Yeltsin knew that under the future stewardship of Vladimir Putin, Russia would be "protected".

Today Putin is protecting this planet . 

THE COWBOY RIDING POSSE DOES NOT DARE TO RIDE AFTER THE OUTLAW . 

ALL THEY DO IS TO BITCH AGAINST THE OUTLAW AND PUT STONES ON HIS FUTURE PATH, HOPING HE WILL STUMBLE AND DIE.

LONG LIVE PUTIN – THE LEADER OF THE FREE WORLD !
FINALLY OVER 
SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAVE EXCEEDED 200, CLICK ON LOAD MORE TO SEE BALANCE COMMENTS
Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 15, 2015 at 10:44 PM
STOP PRESS:

JUST WATCHED THE 2009 MOVIE " THE INTERNATIONAL"

EVEN THIS 6 YEARS OLD MOVIE TALKS ABOUT SELLING MISSILES TO COUNTRIES AND SELLING COUNTER MISSILE CHIPS TO OPPOSING NATIONS.

WHY IS ISRAEL DARLING NARENDRA MODI BUYING BARAK MISSILES ?

IS HE ON THE SIDE OF BHARATMATA OR ZIONISTS ?

AK, ANTONY DID NOT BUY HARDWARE -- ATLEAST HE DID NOT SELL OUT INDIA TO ZIONISTS.


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barak_Missile_scandal

IF YOU BUT MISSILES FROM ZIONIST NATIONS, IT CANNOT BE USED AGAINST NATO AND THEIR ZIONIST FRIEND NATIONS -- THE ENTIRE MISSILE IT CAN BE COUNTERMANDED ( EVEN IN FLIGHT ) JUST BY A REMOTE BUTTON .

drones can be made to return back and kill the launcher.

U.S. Navy bought 59,000 microchips for use in everything from missiles to transponders that turned out to be rogues from China. -- these chips had been made with a "back-door" and could have been remotely shut down at any time.

Israeli jets bombed a nuclear installation in northeastern Syria- the state of the art Syrian rada failed to warn the Syrian military of the incoming assault .

The Syrian radar had a deliberate hidden ”backdoor” inside. By sending a preprogrammed code to those chips, the enemy had disrupted the chips' function and temporarily blocked the radar.

Fighter jets can be dropped from the sky by a KILL CHIP.

Submarines can be polled underwater and killed from the sky.

Zionist military contractors ensure that arms provided to arab nations cannot be stolen and used by an enemy.

A kill switch is any manipulation of the chip's software or hardware that would cause the chip to die outright--to shut off an F-35's missile-launching electronics, for example. A backdoor, by contrast, lets outsiders gain access to the system through code or hardware to disable or enable a specific function. Because this method works without shutting down the whole chip, users remain unaware of the intrusion. An enemy could use it to bypass battlefield radio encryption, for instance.

A simple NICK on the copper wiring of a GOOD chip is enough. The fault is impossible to detect, would make the chip fail early, due to electromigration: as current flowed through the wire, eventually the metal atoms would migrate and form voids, and the wire would break. If this chip goes into a defense satellite, where it's supposed to work for 15 years but fails after six months, you have a very expensive, DUD satellite.

I AM SURE ISRAEL AND BAAAAA DARLING MODI / PARRIKAR / ARMY-NAVY- AIRFORCE CHIEFS KNOWS THIS .

WELL IF OUR ALICE IN GUJJULAND DOES NOT KNOW THIS -- AT LEAST PAKISTAN KNEW THIS A FULL DECADE AGO.

At hearing, a U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs addressed Pakistan's ongoing refusal to let the United States help it secure its nuclear arsenal with American technology. Pakistan remains reluctant to allow such intervention, citing fears that the United States would use the opportunity to cripple its weapons with- -what else?--a SIMPLE kill chip.

INDIA MUST MAKE OUR OWN CHIPS.

I HOPE MODI KNOWS THE WIKI LEAKS CONTENTS AGAINST GEORGE FERNANDES.

Parikkar must know that even a simple assault rifle can be remotely disabled. Iraqi security recruits were issues such arms by USA.

http://www.businessinsider.com/navy-chinese-microchips-weapons-could-have-been-shut-off-2011-6?IR=T

GOD SAVE BHARATMATA FROM THESE ISRAEL DARLINGS .

KURSI MAANGTHA HAI NAA ?

PUT THIS COMMENT IN MODIs, SWAMYs , RAJNATH SINGHs and PARRIKKARs WEBSITES.


MODI MUST BE THINKING HE LOST DELHI ELECTIONS BY THE KIRAN BEDI FACTOR ALONE --

THINK AGAIN !!

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
MADAIN SALEH , DESTRUCTION OF ANCIENT PAGAN HINDUISMS GLORY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ANCIENT HINDU IDOLS AND ROCK CUT FRESCOS IN SAUDI ARABIA ALL SMASHED UP WITH HAMMERS AND SLICED OFF WITH CHISELS .    CULTURAL TERRORISM MORE FOUL THAN BAMIYAN BUDDHA OF AFGHANISTAN  .    AJANTA / ELLORA MODEL ROCK TEMPLES AT MADAIN SALEH  .    



WHEN I POSTED ON THE LOST CIVILIZATION OF PETRA ( JORDAN ) MANY READERS ASKED ME HOW I AM SO SURE THAT IT WAS AN ANCIENT HINDU CULTURE THERE .   

ONLY HINDUS CUT IDOLS ON ROCK  AND THAT TOO MULTI ARMED IDOLS  . I CHALLENGE ANYBODY TO PROVE ME WRONG  .

The civilization at Petra died due to an earthquake making the fresh water oasis disappear


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/lost-civilization-of-petra-capt-ajit.html




CHECK OUT THE GLORY OF ANCIENT INDIA AT HAMPI— IT CAN NEVER BE MATCHED EVER BY ENY CIVILIZATION ON THE PLANET -  PAST- PRESENT- FUTURE  ( wannabe gora gaands ,  Chutney Marys and Pickle Johns LAY OFF )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/ruined-city-of-hampi-capt-ajit.html





BELOW:  BAMIYAN BUDDHAS ARE NEVER MULTI ARMED- ONLY HINDUSIM HAS MULTI ARMED IDOLS.



Below: Rock cut Ellora frescos in India



Below: Rock cut Brahma Ellora 1600 BC



Below: Rock cut Ellora 



Below: Vandalised rock cut Ajanta 




Below: Vandalised rock cut Ajanta



Below : Vandalised rock cut Ajanta





Below: Vandalised rock cut Elephanta 



Below: The Catholic Portuguese vandalised everything in Elephanta caves with bullets except the TRIMURTI ( BRAHMA/ SHIVA / VISHNU )




IT IS COMPULSORY FOR ALL MY READERS TO CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW –CHECK OUT THE GLORY OF ANCIENT INDIA—

WHICH 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY COULD NOT DELETE


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-genocide.html


Above : Spices from Kerala was landed at Aden, Salalah, From there the camel caravans took it to Mecca ( where an oasis and Shiva temple cum Customs post existed ) to Madain Saleh / Petra ( where watering holed for camels existed ) to Constantinople --from where ships took the spices to Europe . 

BELOW: MINDLESS ISLAMIC VANDALISM AT MADAIN SALEH











Below : This Hindu temple symbol is found in Petra too- check out my blog on Petra




Below: Does any Islamic pride dimwit want to argue that these idols are NOT "pagan" Hindu ?



Below: Check out the hollow areas where idols were destroyed.








Below : Hollow areas are where the idols have been shot by cannons and destroyed 




Below: Hindus arch with Kalasha kumbam - the holes are cannon ball indentations





Below: Chiselled out hollow areas which held idols like at Ajanta / Ellora 



Below: Mullah miah , yeh kya hai ?



Below: Carefully chiselled out , to remove any vestiges of PAGAN s




Below: The interior of Ajanta/ Ellora is similar .The hole is an anchor for an idol



Below: Chiselled out and defaced idols 




BACK HOME IN INDIA

Below: Gyanvapi mosque-- the ORIGINAL majestic Kashi Vishwanath temple- one of the most ancient temples of India . 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gyanvapi_Mosque




Below: The Ram Ayodhya temple, the MECCA of Hindus  - under the Babri Masjid Mosque 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/babri-masjid-demolition-mughal-emperor.html


Below: The destroyed Somnath temple - one of the grandest temples of India - converted to a mosque 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/the-sack-of-somnath-temple-by-mahmud-of.html



Below: The ancient Bhojshala Saraswati University converted to a dargah .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/vedic-hindu-fire-temple-of-baku.html



HINDUS ARE COMMUNAL- REST ARE ALL SECULAR   .




CHECK OUT WHAT FRANCOIS GAUTIER HAS TO SAY ABOUT A BOLLYWOOD CRYING SUPERSTAR 


http://www.hinduhumanrights.info/francois-gautier-speaks-out-against-guru-bashing/



US PRESIDENT OBAMA LECTURES TO INDIA ABOUT TOLERANCE AND MORALITY.

ALL BECAUSE 6 CHURCHES VANDALISED ( FALSE FLAG ATTACKS JUST TO BRAND HINDUS AS INTOLERANT - THIS SWUNG THE VOTE IN AAP FAVOUR  ).

THE WHOLE WORLD KNOWS ABOUT SEX AND COCAINE IN WHITE HOUSE .

DOES ANY BODY KNOW ABOUT PEDOPHILIA AND GAY CHILD SEX IN WHITE HOUSE ?

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO READ THE POST AND WATCH ALL THREE VIDEOS  .  

THESE SMALL CHILDREN WERE FORCED TO PROVIDE SEX TO ZIONIST POLITICIANS -   

THE INNOCENT CHILDREN THOUGHT ALL THIS IS NORMAL AND EVERY CHILD HAS TO DO IT .

http://www.collective-evolution.com/2015/02/12/whistleblower-kids-expose-satanic-pedophile-ring-in-schoolchurch-they-need-our-help/

SPREAD THE LINK ABOVE ON THE INTERNET - 

LET ZIONIST DARLING AND "VISA ON ARRIVAL" MODI WATCH IT - ASK THE PM WEBSITE FOR AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 


HOW MANY OF YOU KNOW ABOUT AMERICAN SNUFF ( KILL THE PARTNER WHILE HAVING SEXUAL ORGASM )


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/snuff-movies-freemason-benjamin.html



WHEN PETRA ( JORDAN ) , MADAIN SALEH ( SAUDI ) AND SHIVTA ( ISRAEL ) WERE PROSPEROUS HINDU CIVILIZATIONS WITH BUSTLING MARKETS , THERE WAS NO JUDAISM, CHRISTIANITY OR ISLAM -- SO THEY CAN STOP SWEATING ABOUT IT 

HERE IS A SHESH NAG FROM PETRA ( JORDAN )






HERE IS THE BROKEN OFF SHIVA LINGAM BASE AT PETRA






THE GOVT OF SAUDI ARABIA DO NOT ALLOW THEIR MUSLIM CITIZENS TO GO TO MADAIN SALEH  - WARNING THAT THERE IS A CURSE IN KORAN ( WE KNOW WHAT THEY WANT TO HIDE  !!)


The name Mada’in Saleh (“city of Salih”) is associated with a pre-Islamic PAGAN prophet, Salih, of the tribe of Thamud, who is also mentioned in the Qur’an.  His community is mentioned to be ‘wicked’ and because of that God destroyed them. Even today the remains of the ancient site are considered by Muslims to be cursed.   Salih (or Saleh) is the equivalent of Salah in the Hebrew Bible.

O Salih! You have been among us as a figure of good hope and we wished for you to be our chief, till this, new thing which you have brought that we leave our gods and worship your God (Allah) alone! Do you now forbid us the worship of what our fathers have worshipped? But we are really in grave doubt as to that which you invite us to monotheism.
(CH 11:62 Quran).

When Allah sent prophet Salih to warn the tribe of Thamud them that if they would continue in that way they would be destroyed.


"So the earthquakes seized them and they lay dead, prostrate in their homes. Then he (Salih) turned from them, and said: "O my people! I have indeed conveyed to you the Message of my Lord, and have given you good advice but you like not good advisers." (Ch 7:73-79 Quran)






ABOVE: SHIVTA IN ISRAEL IS ALSO PART OF THIS "PAGAN" CIVILIZATION- THEY HAVE SMASHED UP EVERYTHING -- LEAVING BEHIND A FEW HINDUS MOTIFFS .



ANCIENT JEWS WHO ESCAPED TO BABYLON NAMED THEIR SYNAGOGUES ( TALMUDIC ACADEMY ) YESHIVA  ( Shiva means seven TEE HEEEE )



ABOVE: THE JEWISH MENORAH IS NOTHING BUT A SPUN  OFF SHIVA TRISHUL



ABOVE : THE SIX POINTED STAR OF DAVIS IS NOTHING BUT THE SHIVA-SHAKTI MERGING GEOMETRY FOUND IN ALL ANCIENT HINDU SHIVA TEMPLES.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html


ABOVE LINK : NEVER MIND THEIR MODERN NOBEL PRIZES ,  ANCIENT JEWS COULD NOT THINK SO DEEP TO UNDERSTAND THE CONTENT OF THE LINK ABOVE -PENNED 7000 YEARS AGO   .


Thamudi PAGAN ( Hindu ) tribe fell to idol worshipping .  

So, so the Prophet Saleh, to whom the site's name of Mada'in Saleh is often attributed, called the Thamudis to repent or else gaand phaadke hath mein de dega warning diya ( charkha ghumaake ) .

The Thamudis gave a damn to the warning and instead told Prophet Saleh to summon a pregnant she-camel from the back of a mountain.  TEE HEEEE

And so, a pregnant she-camel was sent to the people from the back of the mountain by Allah, as proof of Saleh's divine mission. However, only a minority heeded his words.

The non-believers killed the sacred camel instead of caring for it as they were told, and its calf ran back to the mountain where it had come from, screaming.  MAAAA BAAAAAAA.

The Thamudis were given three days before their punishment was to take place, still they gave two hoots.

The Prophet Saleh and the believers left the city, but the PAGAN idol worshiping Thamudis were punished by Allah —their souls leaving their lifeless bodies in the midst of an earthquake and lightning blasts.

Ever since the site has earned a reputation as a cursed place .

BAAP RE !


Saleh of the name refers to the Koranic prophet Saleh.


Mada means ASURA in Hindu mythology.


The Koran places settlement of the area by the Thamud people after Noah but before Moses, which can be interpreted as 3500 BC  .  

For the Biblic big bang was 4004 BC 

TEEE HEEEEEE .







But the fact remains that this place flourished in 4300 BC- during the times of Ramayana.


In 2008 UNESCO proclaimed Mada'in Saleh as a site of patrimony, becoming Saudi Arabia's first World Heritage Site


Petra ( Jordan) being the capital of the Nabataean kingdom. The Nabataeans of Arab origin that became rich by their monopoly in being MIDDLEMEN on the trade of incense and spices from Kerala .

Incense and Aloevera came from Kerala and Socotra. Myrrh and Frankincense found in Socotra , was in great demand in old Palestine.  

In 7000 BC , India ruled from Palisthan ( Palestine ) to Urals to Vietnam. Before 7000 BC India ruled the whole world.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/aloe-vera-socotra-vikramaditya-petra.html



The Nabataean deity DUSHARA is called “Lord of the Mountain”.

DUSHARA ( DUSANA ) A MIGHTY ASURA ( Mada) WARRIOR WAS HALF BROTHER OF RAVANA.    

Surpanakha was Dusara’s blood brother – he other blood brother is KHARA.  She was the daughter of Ravanas step mother.

After Lakshman insulted princess Surpenekha, she went running to her brother Khara (  king  of Dandakaranya ) who sent his brother prince Dusara with General Trishira along an huge army of 14000 asuras to fight Lakshmana.

When Rama saw them approaching he sent Sita and Lakshmana to a safe place. He kept aside his bow Kodanda and took out his GANDHARVA ASTRA which could shoot thousands of missiles at the same time..  



The mantra password was known only to Lord Shiva and Lord Rama.  Dusara fell with both his arms sliced off by new moon crescent astras.

Khara the other brother joined the battle when he heard that his brother fell.  In this battle Rama was hit and his armour broke. He strung his Vaishnava bow given to him by Maharishi Agastya and killed him.


Rama decimated every asura except  Akampana, who fled to Lanka to narrate his eye witness account to King Ravana who was terribly upset.

Surpanakha was the youngest child of Rishi Vishrava and his second wife, Kaikesi.  Her name was Meenakshi ( Diksha ) at birth.  

She was more beautiful than her mother Kaikesi and her grandmother Thataka had been before he.  Surpanakha married asura Viddhyjiva of the Kalkeya clan.   She was more beautiful than Sita but less beautiful than Mandodari, the wife of Ravana .



Once in battle Ravana inadvertently killed his own  brother in law ( friendly fire ) .  

Widowed Surpanakha left Lanka and was roaming around in Kerala among her blood relatives her mind numbed in grief , when she saw handsome Rama and fell in love with him -love at first sight .



Ravana was loved by both Shiva and Vishnu.   Ravan was Vishnu’s beloved gatekeeper at Vaikunta, Jaya in his previous birth.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/09/king-ravana-of-ramayana-hero-or-villian.html



Asura have been worshipped as Gods.

Shukracharya the mentor of asura king Mahabali of Kerala was a god in the whole of middle east. Friday ( Shukravar ) is still a holiday in these areas.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-kerala-does-not-celebrate-diwali-or.html

Below: Maharishi Shukracharya advising asura king Mahabali of Kerala- NOT to trust the brahmin midget ( Vishnu avatar Vamana ) 



Shukracharya is also god of the Parsis.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/shukracharya-is-ahura-mazda-god-of.html

Brihaspati the mentor of the Devas , was the god of the whole of Europe.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/thor-zeus-marduk-brihaspati-and-jupiter.html

THE CRUSADES WERE ANCIENT DNA PROGRAMMED ENMITY BETWEEN THE FOLLOWERS OF SHUKRACHARYA AND BRIHASPATI.

Below: This planet's first LOVE JIHAD - Maharishi Brihaspati's son Kacha seducing Devyani the daughter of bitter rival Maharishi Shukracharya .



Maya Danava who build the Indraprasta palace hall for Yuddhistira was Ravana's father in law.  



Maya Danava was the god of the entire Americas.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/maya-inca-aztec-civilizations-decoded.html


Below:  Bonus-- Indian dance is graceful -- unlike western dance --- tip toeing , leg splaying showing prime ass , rotating on the dirty floor, acrobatics, jumping like jack asses, cart wheeling, rope climbing , trapeze, gymnastics - whatever 





Shooting arrows at Ravana by Rama on DUSSHERA was started by the British.

Dusera is more about Rama single handedly vanquishing the 14000 strong mighty asura army led by Dusera the brother of Surpanekha .

Vijayadashami is about Shakti ( Durga wife of Shiva ) killing Mashishasura after an epic battle of 10 days .  This has NOTHING to do with Rama or Ravana.     Rama is just an earthly avatar of Vishnu.



Vijayadashami was celebrated in Kerala much before the Ramayana war.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/navratri-festival-durga-puja-capt-ajit.html

We in Kerala celebrate Ayudha Puja.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/ayudha-puja-9th-day-of-navratri.html

Goddess Shakti ( Durga  )is the mother of the universe and is the KINETIC power behind the work of creation, preservation, and destruction of the world.   

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html


In 106 AD, the Nabatean kingdom was annexed by the contemporary Roman Empire. The Hejaz, which encompasses Hegra, became part of the Roman province of Arabia.

The Islamists have deleted the PAGAN ( Hindu ) history from the decline of the Roman Empire until the emergence of Islam .     However Ibn Batuta had left a good account of these areas.    

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/brahma-and-sarawati-abraham-and-sara.html

Ibn Batuta came to my hometown Calicut only because he knew the Hindu history of Bernice, Mecca , Petra, Madain Saleh.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/ibn-battuta-at-calicut-capt-ajit.html

Chinese Admiral Zheng He came to Calicut , and left records of Mecca and Hindu history before Islam.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/chinese-admiral-zheng-he-in-calicut.html


There was HUGE trade between Rome and Calicut since the conquest of Egypt by the Romans, according to the historian Strabo  . 150 large Roman ships were involved in this trade from Bernice ( Egypt port in Red sea ).  

The Romans had a naval base for catching pirate ships , to secure the maritime route based at Eudaemon ( Aden ).

Roman emperor  Diocletian pushed the spice trade from Kerala as it was very profitable for him.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/kurushipally-calicut-st-georges-shrine.html


In the link above you can see my picture at Diocletan’s palace.



The white historian has given the credit for “discovering”  Petra to the Swiss explorer Johann Ludwig Burckhardt in 1812. Same way an Englishman  Charles Montagu Doughty, was given the credit for  Mada'in Saleh  .


There is a temple in Jabal Ithlib dedicated to the Nabatean deity Dushara –also called Lord of the PAGAN Temple..  Majority of the ruins are still covered by sand and the Islamists prefer they remain buried.





Below: Jabal Ithlib ( temple of diety Dushara ) Where ever there is a hollow cave-  multiarmed Hindus idols existed-- they were all chiseled out.



Below: Goddess Allat of Madain Saleh and Petra .





Below: Multi armed Trinity - PAGAN Goddess Allat .



Alexander the Great’s , historian Hieronymus of Cardia had recorded that the Nabataeans leading a Spartan vegetarian life.  The real cause of the success of the Nabataeans, however, was control over much of the spice trade. Frankincense, myrrh, and other spices .  

The Nabataeans built their empire as the middlemen of Kerala spices.   Hegra was a crossroads where the major north-south incense ( aloe vera ) route intersected a road from the Red Sea to the Persian Gulf .

Nabateans are also referred to as Thamuds.  The Qur'an mentions Thamud in Surah Al-A'raf in the context of several prophets who warned their people of coming judgement. Verse 74 says of Thamud, "and remember when he made you successors after Aad and settled you in the land, and you take for yourselves palaces from its plains and carve from the mountains, homes". This refers to the rock-cut tombs of Mada'in Saleh (the Cities of Saleh).

Madain Salih  is situated almost 750 km north from Jeddah,  300 km from Medina.

Muslims love to say that the Thamud were warned by the prophet Ṣaleḥ to stop worshiping idols and to worship only the true god Allah.  But the Thamud stubbornly refused and as a result were annihilated either by a thunderbolt .

Prophet Saleh was saved from this torment along with those who believed. He turned away from the dead disbelievers saying: "O my people! I have indeed conveyed to you the Message of my Lord, and have given you good advice but you like not good advisers!" (Al-A'raf, 7:79). Subsequently, he and the believers left the desolated area.

Petra in Jordan has been declared to be one of the world wonders in 2007.    The Nabateans developed oasis agriculture, digging wells and rainwater harvesting tanks in the rock and carving multiarmed Hindu idols in the sandstone outcrops.  

Similar structures were featured in other Nabatean settlements, ranging from southern Syria to the north, going south to the Negev, and down to the immediate area of Hejaz.


Madain Saleh, extends over some 13 kilometers but most of it is under the desert.


LIKE THE PAKISTANIS , THE MUSLIM ARABIANS ARE ASHAMED OF THEIR PAST -


WHAT A DISGRACE !




BABRI MASJID, QUTAB MINAR, TAJ MAHAL WERE ALL HINDU STRUCTURES .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html

I had taken pictures from Qutab Minar of “suspected” Hindus Motifs and verified them with Hindus motifs in major ancient Hindus temples.

Mecca Kaaba was originally a Shiva temple.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/vedic-practises-in-mecca-ajit-vadakayil.html


Let me quote Wikipedia ( who has done everything to destroy Hinduism )  :--

QUOTE :  Before the rise of Islam the Ka'aba, and Mecca (previously known as Bakkah), were revered as a sacred sanctuary and was a site of pilgrimage.[1]  At the time of Muhammad (AD 570–632), his tribe the Quraysh was in charge of the Kaaba, which was at that time a shrine containing hundreds of idols representing Arabian tribal gods and other religious figures. Muhammad earned the enmity of his tribe by claiming the shrine for the new religion of Islam that he preached. He wanted the Kaaba to be dedicated to the worship of the one God alone, and all the idols were evicted. The Black Stone (al-Hajar-ul-Aswad), still present at the Kaaba ( SHIVA LINGAM ) was a special object of veneration at the site. :UNQUOTE

QUOTE :  The destruction of Hindu temples in India during the Islamic conquest of India occurred from the beginning of Muslim conquest until the end the Mughal Empire throughout the Indian subcontinent. In his book "Hindu Temples - What Happened to Them", Sita Ram Goel produced a politically contentious list of 2000 mosques that it is claimed were built on Hindu temples.[7]:  UNQUOTE

QUOTE :  In Indonesia, where popular conversion from Hinduism to Islam was more widespread, it is believed that the minaret of the Menara Kudus Mosque, in Java, was originally part of a Hindu temple.[7] :UNQUOTE

QUOTE : An inscription of 1462 A.D.at Jami Masjid at Malan, in Banaskantha District of Gujarat states:The Jami Masjid was built by Khan-I-Azam Ulugh Khan, who suppressed the wretched infidels. He eradicated the idolatrous houses and mine of infidelity, along with the idols with the edge of the sword, and made ready this edifice. He made its walls and doors out of the idols; the back of every stone became the place for prostration of the believer.[21]UNQUOTE

QUOTE:  Mughal Emperor Jahangir wrote in his Tujuk-i-Jahangiri:  "I am here led to relate that at the city of Banaras a temple had been erected by Rajah Maun Sing, which cost him the sum of nearly thirty-six laks of five methkaly ashrefies. ...I made it my plea for throwing down the temple which was the scene of this imposture; and on the spot, with the very same materials, I erected the great mosque, because the very name of Islam was proscribed at Banaras, and with God’s blessing it is my design, if I live, to fill it full with true believers."[22]UNQUOTE

QUOTE :  An inscription at the Quwwat Al-Islam Mosque adjacent to Qutb Minar in Delhi states:
"This Jamii Masjid built in the months of the year 587 (hijri) by the Amir, the great, the glorious commander of the Army, Qutb-ud-daula wad-din, the amir-ul-umara Aibeg, the slave of the Sultan, may God strengthen his helpers! The materials of 27 idol temples, on each of which 2,000,000 Deliwal coins had been spent were used in the (construction of) this mosque."[19]  However, as the inscription depicts, the mosque was built from the material remnants of Hindu temples which was destroyed by Muslims.

Alberuni in his India[20] writes about the famous temple of Multan:   A famous idol of theirs was that of Multan, dedicated to the sun. When Muhammad Ibn Alkasim Ibn Almunabbih, conquered Multan, he inquired how the town had become so very flourishing and so many treasures had there been accumulated, and then he found out that this idol was the cause, for there came pilgrims from all sides to visit it. 

Therefore he thought to build a mosque at the same place where the temple once stood. When then the Karmatians occupied Multan, Jalam Ibn Shaiban, the usurper, broke the idol into pieces and killed its priests. When afterwards the blessed Prince Mahmud swept away their rule from those countries, he made again the old mosque the place of the Friday-worship. UNQUOTE

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/secret-excavations-at-jerusalem-by.html



I have seen SWASTIKA symbol in many ancient Greek and Roman sites. An example is at Solunto, near Santa Flavia, on the north-western coast of Sicily.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/swastika-symbol-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

A lot of major Christian churches in Europe were found to be built on top of ancient PAGAN Hindus temples, when they rebuilt these churches after destruction in WW2 .  These churches derived power from the buried under the foundation,  Shiva Lingams.



St Peter's cathedral Vatican has a Shiva Lingam in the Vatican underground vaults.




My Russian officers has pictures Hindu artifacts of the Stonehenge at Arkaim and they were eager to know what all this means.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/stonehenge-of-arkaim-russia-capt-ajit.html



Above: These were drawn by hand in European sites , before the days of the camera.



The Jews, Christains and Muslims made fun of PAGAN Hindus –  

Below: The powerful shiva lingam at Hampi 



CHEE CHEE these stupid people worship a human phallus  .TOBA TOBA !



Well Hindus are having the last laugh—as even NASA has declared that LIFE came on earth from SHIVA LINGAM – 




it provided the SEED for all life on planet earth – and this stone is a HEAVY black meteorite stone.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/nasa-dna-building-blocks-in-meteorite.html




Above : Kedarnath temple is built on top of a powerful pyramid shaped Shiva Lingam - nobody knows how large it is -- as only the tip is visible 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/6000-year-old-kedarnath-temple-highest.html


MUSLIM INVADERS TRIED TO STEAL THE SOMNATH TEMPLE SHIVA LINGAM FOR MECCA KAABA -- EVERY TIME WE HID IT 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/the-sack-of-somnath-temple-by-mahmud-of.html


Saudi’s are guilty of breaking and burying Hindu idols deep in the sand  .  The Islamists feel that  items not Islamic belong in the ground because displaying them risks a tacit endorsement of the PAGAN culture or religion the artifacts represent.    

Saudis did NOT allow visitors to Madain Salh till in 2008 , due to UN pressure they opened it out to visitors.  With this Madain Saleh was named in 2008 as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.






Above : PAGAN rock cut cliffs at Lycia- in the  Turkish provinces of Antalya and Muğla. Hindu  idols have been chipped away.
******************************************************************************
SOPHIE SCHOLL , WHITE ROSE GROUP , GERMANY DURING WORLD WAR 2 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





HERE I AM, YET YENOTHER TIME POSTING A NEW BLOG WITHOUT COMPLETING THE PREVIOUS ONE . 

BAAAD CAPTAIN !



#######################################



Naveen Periasamy

February 15, 2015 at 1:33 PM

Dear Captain,
Please share your perspective on Sophie Scholl of the White Rose movement which the anti-Nazi hero.

https://www.facebook.com/amightygirl/photos/a.360833590619627.72897.316489315054055/804135409622774/?type=1&theater

Thanks,
Naveen

 #############################################



hi np,

WHATEVER YOU FIND IN MAIN STREAM MEDIA AND INTERNET ABOUT THIS WHITE ROSE MOVEMENT IS A PACK OF LIES.

I WILL GET THIS STRAIGHTENED OUT--

THE WAY I MADE WIKIPEDIA ADMIT THAT 1.3 LAKH INDIANS SOLDIERS FOUGHT IN WW1 AND 2.5 LAKH INDIAN SOLDIERS FOUGHT IN WW 2.WHICH NOBODY ELSE WROTE .

THIS BLOG SITE IS A TRUTH EXHUMING BLOG SITE, RIGHT?

I have been in both West and East Germany before the Berlin wall came down. I have serves on ships made in East Germany and West Germany. 

I was an a fast container ship run, where my ship called Rostock, Hamburg, Bremen , Kiel etc every month. I have been to the Stasi HQ in Rostock for noting protest - talked to people. Over alcohol all open their mouths.

Below is a post about Rostock.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/true-sea-story-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


ALL THIS ANTI-WAR PEACE PROPAGANDA BY THE ANGELIC YOUNG GERMAN GIRL IS A BUNCH OF FOUL LIES.

GERMANY HAS BEEN RULED BY PRO-JEW LEADERS EVER SINCE WW2.   ANGELA MERKEL CARES MORE FOR ISRAEL THAN HER OWN COUNTRYMEN AND COUNTRY.

LIES HAVE BEEN INSTITUTIONALIZED --LIKE HOW MOTHER TERESA IS NOW GOD .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/diabolical-ministering-angel-mother.html


Like how this German girl Sophie Scholl was converted to a Teresa , the Jews have converted a muslim lady also likewise --all Zionist LIES .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/noor-inayat-khan-new-mata-hari-reloaded.html

Sophia Magdalena Scholl was a German student who was part of a traitorous and subversive group White Rose in  Germany.

Magdelena name was chosen to drive home the fact that they are NOT crypto Jews but Christians . Mary Magdalene is Jesus’s wife and NO Jew will use this as a name for his daughter.

Martyr ( SIC ) Sophie had been boosted by FAKE polls, undeserving Jewish awards and FAKE propaganda Hollywood movies made by Jews and of course Zionist monopolized main stream media and peer reviewed houses  -- they are making a Gandhi out of her.  

Who knows soon she might become the mother of Germany.

I had forgotten about this girl till May 9, 2014, when Google depicted Scholl for its Google Doodle on the occasion of what would have been her 93rd birthday.

Many German schools as well as countless streets and squares in Germany have been named after Scholl and her brother--almost like every city has a Mahatma Gandhi street -- Gandhi who was a stooge of Rothschild.

Like how Gandhi and BR Ambedkar were chosen as India’s NO 1 and No 2 GREATEST INDIANS by Zionist owned BENAMI media , Sophia too had her share of FAKE polls.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/cnn-ibn-poll-greatest-indian-since.html

In FAKE German polls of Unsere Besten (Our Best), a nation-wide competition to choose the top ten most important Germans of all time Sophia Scholl was in  fourth place, ahead of German heroes like Bach, Goethe, Gutenberg, Bismarck, Willy Brandt, and Albert Einstein.

And HEY, they had another cooked up IF MY AUNTY HAD BALLS SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN MY UNCLE TYPE OF POLL . “ If the votes of young viewers alone had been counted, NATIONAL TRAITOR Sophie Scholl would have been ranked first” TEEEE HEEEEEEEE !.    

Oh yes—we in India have such a TRAITOR TURNED PEACENIK HERO too , chosen for us by Jews.

Brigitte, a Zionist controlled German magazine for women, voted Scholl "the greatest woman of the twentieth century".   Hey , how about making her the greatest woman on earth since BIG BANG TO SUNs SUPERNOVA ?

Sorry, she was a Jewish spy who was spreading FOUL lies against her WATAN ( fatherland ).

All those who want to know about the world’s GREATEST PLAIGIARIST Jew Albert Einstein read the link below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html

See Capt Ajit Vadakayil does NOT depend on Jewish peer reviewed data – I have a head start above every historian. I traveled this planet for 40 years .

The whole world thinks that Gandhi gave India independence—Capt Ajit Vadakayil says HELL NO !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-indian-navy-mutiny-of-1946-only-war.html

Today the NSA of India has revealed the secret.  Yet in India everything starts with a visit to Rajghat ( Gandhi’s memorial ). 

The American Zionists have taken a leaf out of our book—they are doing likewise with another Zionist stooge Martin Luther King. Both Gandhi and King told their long oppressed enslaved people to allow the oppressor to literally shit on their faces and not to resist.




 While other sailors visited bars and whore houses, my sojourns ashore has a mission of hearing the UNHEARD local voice and feeling the UNFELT local pulse , while soaking in their culture. Very few human beings on this planet has this type of enormous exposure..

 If the votes of young viewers alone had been counted, Sophie and Hans Scholl would have been ranked first. Several years earlier, readers of Brigitte, a German magazine for women, voted Scholl "the greatest woman of the twentieth century". 

Sophia Scholl's father was a respected Christian German citizen, a MAYOR ( Bürgermeister ) of Forchtenberg am Kocher in northern Baden-Württemberg . 

When his daughter Sophia Scholl was arrested by Gestapo , they burst into her father's home and caught this CIRCUMCISED CHRISTIAN red handed with his kosher stuff, wireless transmission equipment with Allied codes and Allied secret propaganda radio frequencies.

That was the time they came to know that this was a CRYPTO JEW family. This man Robert Scholl was jailed and he was released by Zionists after the war.   Hitler had treated this man well. He was  mayor of Ingersheim in 1917  1920, mayor of Forchtenberg for ten years till 1930.

THIS WAS A CASE OF A RUTHLESS SPY FATHER MAKING HIS OWN CHILDREN DO ENEMY PROPAGANDA IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WAR .

ALL THIS JEW PROPAGANDA THAT SHE WAS GUILLOTINED FOR “ANTI-WAR PROPAGANDA” IS NONSENSE--

-SHE WAS DOING “ENEMY PROPAGANDA” IN THE MIDDLE OF A WAR - FOR WHICH GERMANY LIKE ANY OTHER NATION ( INCLUDING INDIA ) HAD SEDITION LAWS.

Hitler never wanted a war .  He airdropped his No 2 Rudolf Hess before WW2 in England to meet the King who had German blood in his veins-  to plead sue for peace -  and PM stooge Winston Churchill who had a “CREATE ISRAEL ORDERS “ from Rothschild promptly declared this good man Hess mad.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

Sophie and party were spreading leaflets containing FALSE information that 300,000 Wehrmacht soldiers have just died at Stalingrad to lower the morale of Germany in the middle of a bitter war for survival. .

 IS THIS SOME PEACE PROTEST BY ANY STRETCH  OF THE IMAGINATION ?

When Sophie got caught wither panties down, Churchill decided to do this job from outside Germany.

In mid-1943, they dropped over Germany millions of propaganda copies of the tract, now retitled The Manifesto of the Students of Munich. 

What nonsense is this?  

Some LYING Jew propaganda became the VOICE OF GERMANY ?

By the way more people were killed by Jew Gen Eisenhower than Hilter.  Eisenhower was promoted over all senior Generals including Gen Patton though he had NIL was experience . His qualification was that he was a CRYPTO JEW like Robert Scholl.   

If you please R you can become US President or even God. Sophie was just a irrelevant girl – a tool for her father.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html

Sophie and her brother did her FALSE PROPAGANDA leaflet distribution in a childish manner and got caught. . They went with large suitcases stuffed with leaflets at night and were busy stuffing them into all  mailboxes .  

People who received it were shocked and Gestapo was alerted. 

They laid a trap and caught these traitors along with their leaflets and paint / brushes for painting graffiti  on walls.

Sophie and her brother was seen by Germans painting the words MASS MURDERER HITLER  on the facade of the Bavarian State Chancellery.  They ran away before they could be caught.

If this happens in India during a losing war with Pakistan ,  and graffiti was painted on the walls of the Indian Parliament what will we do ?  

Kiss her ? 

Take her out for dinner ?

 KHAANA KHAAYEGA GHAR LE JAAYEGA ?

She was convicted of high treason after a proper enquiry –  of  distributing thousands of leaflets FOUL LIES TO LOWER THE MORALE OF A COUNTRY AT WAR  .   It was NOT some nice humane anti-war, peace loving  leaflets.

This cowardly girl was groveling for mercy.   

But Hey, the Jews made her a BRAVE MARTYR .  

The R monopolized media wrote everywhere “ Gestapo Inspector Mohr even urged BRAVE Sophie to retract her self-incrimination so that she can receive a lesser sentence, if any, but she insisted on martyrdom “

BAAP RE !

On February 21, 1943, Sophie signed a confession, and her trial before the People's Court took place the next day. All of them begged for mercy.    A guy named  Probst begged  for mercy, as he has a family . 

SOB !

The same day on February 22, 1943, more than  twenty members of the White Rose group were convicted and later  executed.

I DARE THE LYING ZIONISTS TO ANSWER THIS —

HOW COME AFTER AN HOUR OF THE  EXCECUTION ,  ALLIED PLANES DROPPED 300, 000 COPIES OF THE SAME LEAFLET ALL OVER GERMAN CITIES .   

THEY HAD SOME SUPER INVISIBLE JET AND SOME SUPER COMPUTER TO DO PRINTING SO FAST ? 


The interrogation reports of the group are all fudged and doctors.  

Listen, I am an Indian Hindu - really I do NOT care for Germany or Israel or Russia or England or USA..

When I posted that Japs ate 22000 Indian soldiers everybody scoffed at me . Today this is part of true history. There is a HUGE difference between investigative blogging ( where my laptop and monthly salary is NOT owned by some evil Zionist moneybag ) and cooking up LIES out of thin air.

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/netaji-subhash-chandra-bose-untold.html

The Interrogation reports ( SIC ) were captured by the Russians, sent to Moscow, then back to East Germany, and finally went into German archives after German unification.
  
Jews are producing Hollywood movie and TV serials.

In February 2005, a movie about Scholl's last days, Sophie Scholl – Die letzten Tage (Sophie Scholl: The Final Days), featuring actress Julia Jentsch in the title role, was released. , it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in January 2006.   

Oh yes, Moses led the Jews out of Egypt to the land of milk and honey , at a time when Judaism did NOT exist –Oh yes !!

Today , a prize bearing their name is among Germany's most distinguished literature awards.

  “ The mockery of justice in the show trial also has prompted a nomination for the best film to raise consciousness about the desirability of democracy as well as the need to maintain human rights “ BAAP RE !

  “  Hans and Sophie Scholl and their friends had the courage to stand up for their convictions and resist - showing a degree of courage possessed only by a few at that time”  SUPER BAAP RE !!

“The students threw the pamphlets into mailboxes, hoping to appeal to people's humanity” HYPER BAAAP RE !!!


Below:   “Sophie Scholl, a young woman with dreams and love of music ( HEY, DID SHE PAINT TOO?) , stands defiantly in front of Judge Roland Freisler, who was responsible for 2,600 deaths” ( HEY, DONT EXAGGERATE TO GET A ROUND FIGURE - ACTUALLY IT WAS 2599 ) 




Now I am so touched that I must cry – 

and since I have sproutETH long ears –  

excuJJe me pleaJJe –


BBBRRRRA   fu#kin’  AAAAYYYYYYYYY !




Below: Hey, why did you leave out the word EVER ?  The executioner said that had NEVER EVER NEVER -- BLAH BLAH 



Below : Endless lying propaganda wins wars !   Crushed human morale and spirit causes defeat !!  






THE FOLLOWING PREDICTION OF NOSTRADAMUS ABOUT HITLER WAS COOKED UP –   AND WAS AIR DROPPED ALL OVER GERMANY BY R.    

THEY COOKED UP FAKE PREDICTIONS THAT HITLER WILL LOSE THE WAR .



R STOOGE Winston Churchill air-dropped leaflets and via the Jew production film "NOSTRADAMUS  SAYS  SO"

The Zionists did  “counter Nazi propaganda” ( SIC )  that Hitler too air dropped such material over Allied nations  – which is a LIE.


NOSTRADAMUS QUATRAIN #2 - 24

   Wildmen ferocious with anger, crossover rivers,

   Bestes farouches de faim, fleuves tranner,

   The greater part of the battlefield will be against Hitler;

   Plus part du champ encontre Hister sera;

   In armor of steel the great (army) will make the assault,

   En caige de fer le grand fera treisner,

   When the child of Germany shall heed no one.

   Quand rien enfant de Germain observera.

The above quatrain describes the last days of the NAZI empire.   Allied troops, thoroughly fed up with the long war, are finally able to cross over Germany's rivers and make their final assault on Berlin.  Hitler, behaving like an angry child, sat in his bunker in Berlin and refused to heed the advice of his generals to surrender.



NOSTRADAMUS QUATRAIN #4 – 68

   In a place very close, not far from Venice,

   En lieu bien proche, non eslignie de Venus,

   The two (agree to) expand into Asia & Africa

   Les deux plus grans de Asia & Afrique

   From the Rhine & that Hitler will now speak for Venice;

   Gu Rhin & Hister qu'on dira sont Venus;

   Cries, tears, at Malta & the coast of Liguria.

   Cris, pleurs, a Malta & coste Ligustique.

Nostradamus tells us about a secret meeting that took place between Adolph Hitler and Italy's dictator Benito Mussolini on June 2, 1940 at the Brenner Pass near Venice, to discuss Italy's formal entry into WWII.  It was agreed at this meeting that Mussolini would declare war on Britain and France, and that Italy would initiate an African campaign.  Hitler would then sign the Tripartite Treaty with Japan, expanding the war into Asia.  Just over a week later, on June 10th, 1940, Italian forces began their attacks on Malta and the Ligurian coast of France.


NOSTRADAMUS QUATRAIN #5 - 29

   Liberty is not recovered,

   La liberte ne recouvree,

   They shall be occupied by a dark, fierce, iniquitous villain,

   L'occupera noir, fier, vilain inique,

   When the edicts of the pope will be overruled

   Quand la matiere du pont sera ouvree

   By Hitler, and Italy becomes a fascist republic.

   D'Hister, Venice fashee la republique.




 The NAZI (National Socialist) leader Adolf Hitler and Italian (Fascist) leader Benito Mussolini, act together to remove the influence of the Pope from all sectors of Italy.  Mussolini was then established as the military dictator of the new Fascist republic.  The freedom of the people was ended, and a state of martial law instituted in the new fascist state.



In the Internet age, there have also been several well-known hoaxes, where quatrains in the style of Nostradamus have been circulated by e-mail. 

The most well-known example concerns the attack on New York City's World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.
******************************************************************************
THE CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE , EXHUMING TRUTHS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THE GREAT IRISH FAMINE AND ROTHSCHILD  .  THE GREAT INDIAN FAMINES AND ROTHSCHILD  .   WHITE IRISH SLAVERY  



The Charge of the Light Brigade- by  Alfred, Lord Tennyson

1.
Half a league, half a league,
 Half a league onward,
All in the valley of Death
 Rode the six hundred.
"Forward, the Light Brigade!
"Charge for the guns!" he said:
Into the valley of Death
 Rode the six hundred.

2.
"Forward, the Light Brigade!"
Was there a man dismay'd?
Not tho' the soldier knew
 Someone had blunder'd:
Theirs not to make reply,
Theirs not to reason why,
Theirs but to do and die:
Into the valley of Death
 Rode the six hundred.

3.
Cannon to right of them,
Cannon to left of them,
Cannon in front of them
 Volley'd and thunder'd;
Storm'd at with shot and shell,
Boldly they rode and well,
Into the jaws of Death,
Into the mouth of Hell
 Rode the six hundred.

4.
Flash'd all their sabres bare,
Flash'd as they turn'd in air,
Sabring the gunners there,
Charging an army, while
 All the world wonder'd:
Plunged in the battery-smoke
Right thro' the line they broke;
Cossack and Russian
Reel'd from the sabre stroke
 Shatter'd and sunder'd.
Then they rode back, but not
 Not the six hundred.

5.
Cannon to right of them,
Cannon to left of them,
Cannon behind them
 Volley'd and thunder'd;
Storm'd at with shot and shell,
While horse and hero fell,
They that had fought so well
Came thro' the jaws of Death
Back from the mouth of Hell,
All that was left of them,
 Left of six hundred.

6.
When can their glory fade?
O the wild charge they made!
 All the world wondered.
Honor the charge they made,
Honor the Light Brigade,
 Noble six hundred.

Below: In our school recitation contests , this was a favourite poem .  They was a pint sized guy who would recite it like artillery fire -- he could be heard miles away on the loud speaker.  




The British are great when it comes to winning great glorious wars on paper , without firing a single shot .   It has happened in India so many times .   Their poets and writers write about great bravery , fortitude and “ British Justice”  while all Rothschild did was to win by slimy deceit .  

The link below is about the war in 1757, the Battle of Plassey wehere British East India Company sunk their hooks in India.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/back-swing-of-john-galt-capt-ajit.html

The post below is about Rothschild stealing Tipu Sultan’sgold in 1799 ( Kerala temple gold ) and becoming the richest person on the planet and thus setting up his base as an INTERNATIONAL BANKSTER.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html



The link below is about the 1857 war where British East India company stopped all pretenses of being a pepper trader and took over India officially—of course with Rothschild’s slave the Queen just being a figure head.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/murky-truths-of-sepoys-mutiny-1857.html


Even if the British invader lost a war miserably they would BEAT A GLORIOUS RETREAT in full uniform and regalia with band and baaja , and make the victor feel as if they lost.  People who have seen the Bollywood movie LAGAAN would have seen it at the end of the movie. Instead of having their TAILS DOWN they would keep the painful TAIL UP,    never mind the bleeding and dripping asshole.




If Rothschild wanted to extract FAAYADA out of someone he would first make him a national hero.  For example he made Winston Churchill a great British hero , by great deeds of bravery in South Africa ( on paper alone ) before he made him do what he wanted . ( carving out the state of Israel ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

Rothschild started Communism on the planet. In China he made a great hero out of his stooge Mao Tse Tung by making him walk a ridiculously long distance ( on paper alone ) .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

Same way Rothschild converted a disgraceful and cowardly defeat at the Battle of Balaclava into a great war of honour and courage .   In doing so he created two sub-heroes using his monopolized media –  poet Lord Alfred Tennyson and a nurse Florence of Nightingale.  Of course Rothschild will extract personal FAAYADA out of every such cooked up LIE.

So what FAAYADA could be have extracted out of the CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE ?
He converted the man in charge of the lost battle , into a great British hero.  



Under any stretch of imagination, this DORK should have been court martialed and sacked , but hey, for playing ball and scratching the slimy Rothschild back ( QUID PRO QUO ) he became a great British hero.

This dork’s name was Field Marshal George Charles Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan GCB.

He was responsible for giving the fateful order during the Battle of Balaclava in October 1854 which led to the Light division commander, the Earl of Cardigan, leading the fateful Charge of the Light Brigade.

Field Marshal George Charles Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan GCB was a Rothschild stooge and one of the most hated men in British and Irish history.

But hey, he is a hero today.

What favour did he do to Rothschild in return for being made a great hero, using his Jew monopolized media ?

Pray?

Prithee ?

Crypto Jew George Charles Bingham made an important contribution in Parliament when he came up with a solution which allowed Rothschild controlled Jews to sit there.

For this great favour , he was subsequently promoted to field marshal despite the disgraceful personal debacle at Balaclava.   

Prior to this, Jews had declined to take the oath "on the true faith of a Christian" and having not been sworn in as required by statute, were refused voting rights although having been elected an MP.  


Crypto Jew George Charles Bingham proposed, by way of a compromise, that each House could decide and modify its own oath. The House of Lords, who had long opposed the admission of Jews, agreed to this.   

Below: Lionel De Rothschild, the son of German Jew Nathan Mayer Rothschild .  




Black slavery and Opium drug running partner Prime Minister Gladstone proposed to Queen Victoria that he be made a peer.  

The Queen privately demurred, saying that titling a wicked Jew would “raise antagonism” and furthermore it would be unseemly to reward a man whose vast wealth was based on what she called "a species of evil gambling" rather than legitimate trade.  




However in 1885 the Queen was arm twisted into raising Rothschild's son Nathan to the peerage; he became the first Jewish member of the House of Lords. Bribed Prime Minister Lord John Russell introduced a Jewish Disabilities Bill to remove the problem with the oath. 

On 26 July 1858 de Rothschild took the oath with covered head, substituting "so help me, Jehovah" for the ordinary form of oath, and thereupon took his seat as the first Jewish member of Parliament.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html


Thus International bankster Lionel Nathan De Rothschild, was thus the first Jew to be allowed to enter the House of Commons and was sworn in on 26 July 1858.






Above: Jew Lionel Nathan de Rothschild being introduced in the House of Commons on 26 July 1858 by Lord John Russell and Mr John Abel Smith.

Below:  The Irish still think that crypto Jew George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan, is a Protestant Christian.  His wicked ancestors who caused untold misery to the Irish were just fronts for R .



At the Battle of Balaclava in October 1854, George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan received an order from Field Marshal FitzRoy James Henry Somerset, 1st Baron Raglan, GCB PC . 

Now this Raglan character ( see below -one handed man ) was a Rothschild stooge since the days on Napoleon. 


Below: Sab baayein haath ka khel hai !





How did Napoleon lose the battle of Waterloo?

Pray ?

Prithee ?.





Rothschild sabotaged Napoleon’s asshole.

ASSHOLE WHAAAAA ?

YES- ASSHOLE !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/napoleon-unknown-side-capt-ajit.html



The loss of the Battle of Balaclava in October 1854, was made out to be some sort of miscommunication.  The truth is that the Russians  pasted the light brigade , who tuned tail and ran for their lives.   

Most of the dead were actually POWs of the Russians . See there is a Russian account of this cowardly charge too.

 I have sailed with Crimean officers , I know !

The R historian bull is as follows.


R stooge Field Marshal FitzRoy James Henry Somerset, 1st Baron Raglan,  issued an order to R stooge George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan.  

This man then issues a relay order to his brother in law ( whom he hated ) Lieutenant General James Thomas Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, KCB, to lead the fateful Charge of the Light Brigade ( see below ). 


Lieutenant General James Thomas Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, KCB was NOT even on the scene of battle. He was living it up on his luxury steam yacht Dryad in Balaclava harbor.

The part played by the brigade was not great and, to avoid embarrassing the earl, it was not mentioned in the official account of the battle forwarded to London.

On 8 February, at a speech in his home town of Northampton, he went even further, describing how he had shared the privations of his men by living the "whole time in a common tent" and how, after the charge, he had rallied his troops and pursued the fleeing enemy artillerymen as far as the Tchernaya river—all bull of the first order.

R stooge Cardigan was able to enjoy many months of adulation before his LIE was exhumed and nailed .

Sill on R’s recommendation he was made Inspector-General of Cavalry, the government recommended him for the Order of the Garter. The Queen made him a knight in the Order of the Bath.


R media feted him. R controlled traders profited from his fame, sold pictures depicting his role in the charge  The "cardigan", a knitted waistcoat supposedly as worn by the earl on campaign, became fashionable and thousands were  sold.

THERE IS A SAYING THAT DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES.

THE ENTIRE BLAME WAS PINNED ON A DEAD MAN CAPTAIN LOUIS EDWARD  NOLAN ( WHO WAS NOT R ROYALTY ) WHO FOUGHT HARD AND WAS A COMPETENT SOLDIER .   




A veteran of several hard campaigns in India, Capt Nolan is unusual in the hierarchy of his day for having acquired his commission through merited promotion as opposed to Rothschild sponsored purchase . 

Capt Nolan, was the first casualty of the charge.

R stooge George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan pretended to limp and said that two horses were killed under him—all bull.

"The English fought with astounding bravery, and when we approached their dismounted and wounded men, even these refused to surrender and continued to fight till the ground was soaked with their blood."

OH YES— WE ALL HAVE SPROUTED LONG EARS !


BBBBRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY !


The whole CHARGE affair had lasted no more than 18 minutes- never mind the bull .

Now let me digress to Florence of Nightingale.  She was there nursing at the Battle of Balaclava.

This woman was very attractive with a slim figure and she was from a very rich family. She was a healer of the Indian tradition which later was known as Reiki. 

Jesus Christ came to Kerala to learn Reiki.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/reiki-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

In one of her high society parties she met Madama Blavatsy and was drawn to Hinduism and spirituality. 

She wanted to come to India many times on Blavatsky’s invitation , but Rothschild knowing her spiritual inclination did NOT allow her .

She read the Bhagawad Gita daily .  She was often critical of organised religions like Christianity.

She loved to read the 6000 year old Indian epic Mahabharata ( presented her by Mr Jowett ) again and again.

Florence was a healer .  

Because of her mystique, aristocracy  and charisma,  she always got what she wanted.  All were drawn to her magnetism. 

Her father, William Edward Nightingale, was an extremely wealthy landowner, and the family moved in the highest circles of English society which included Rothschild.

Most of the British soldiers had venereal disease which they picked up in the male and female brothels of Istanbul.  

Yet she showed NO sense of revulsion and would treat them like her own children and the soldiers were eternally grateful to her.  

She was OVER sincere and conscientious  in her work . There is a secret here, which I will reveal today.  She suffered from OCD and would check on her patients again and again even after midnight with a lamp. 

The soldiers called her the ‘lady with the lamp’

OCD sufferers have high attention to detail, avoidance of risk, careful planning and a greater sense of responsibility and will take time to make decisions, as their thinking processes are lateral.

She also helped the wounded soldiers on the battlefield and they called her ‘Mother Seacole’ for her bravery. On return to Britain she wrote a book about her life called The Wonderful Adventures of Mrs Seacole in Many Lands.

On return to Britain in 1857 she was deemed a heroine for her work to reduce the death rate at the hospital and became the first ever woman to receive the Order of Merit as a reward for her work.  She asked Rothschild for a passage to India on his ships in 1857 but was denied. 

A print of the jewel awarded to Nightingale by Queen Victoria, for her services to the soldiers in the war.

Graceful and feminine she showed NIL sexual interest in the young sex starved soldiers while treating their genitals , many speculated that she was a lesbian- a MOST FOUL allegation.

They all point out to one mangy line in a memoir which stated ( sic ) , "I have lived and slept in the same beds with English Countesses and Prussian farm women. No woman has excited passions among women more than I have".

 Some scholars of Nightingale's life believe that she remained chaste for her entire life.

The Christians angry with her Hindu spirituality injected poison “ Nightingale's achievements in the Crimean War were exaggerated by the media at the time, to satisfy the public's need for a hero.”

She was offered burial in Westminster Abbey ( meant for kings ) but she declined it.  She wanted to be cremated.  However when she died her ashes were  buried in the graveyard at St. Margaret Church in East Wellow, Hampshire. 

In 1883, Nightingale was awarded the Royal Red Cross by Queen Victoria. In 1904, she was appointed a Lady of Grace of the Order of St John (LGStJ). In 1907, she became the first woman to be awarded the Order of Merit. In the following year she was given the Honorary Freedom of the City of London. 

Her birthday is now celebrated as International CFS Awareness Day.

The real reason why the soldiers loved her was that she did NOT record the veneral diseases – as the soldiers would NOT get the salary . 

Those days only if you died on the battle field your family  got compensation- NOT if you died of syphilis.



WHITE BRITISH TROOPS WERE  USELESS IN WAR, THE REASON WHY ROTHSCHILD CHOSE TO HAVE INDIANS IN BOTH WORLD WARS. 

THE INDIANS WERE BRAVE , LOYAL AND AGILE .  THE WHITE SOLDIER WAS A COWARD , A MALINGERER AND LACKING PHYSICAL AGILITY / EMOTIONAL ENDURANCE..



I am wondering if I should write about the DELIBERATE great IRISH FAMINE in 1848-49 to force the NOT SO BRIGHT Irish people to immigrate to America.      

During the famine approximately 1.1  million people died and a 1.3 million more emigrated from Ireland, causing the island's population to fall by more than 27% .

Crypto Jew Field Marshal George Charles Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan GCB , who was the leader of the Light Brigade,   owned 63000 acres of land in Ireland ( as an ABSENTEE LANDLORD ) worked in tandem with Jew Rothschild. 

THIS WILL CAUSE THE IRISH A GREAT DEAL OF HEARTACHE. 

I MUST PONDER ABOUT IT   .

http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/500-child-skeletons-found-in-workhouse-mass-grave-tell-struggles-of-the-Great-Hunger.html



Above:  Rothchild provided free passage on his ships from Ireland to USA  .  Jews in Ireland had historically enjoyed a “relative tolerance “  that was largely absent elsewhere in Europe.   As the Irish left ofr USA ,  Jews from Europe and England went to Ireland .   We in India have experience similar  JEW GRATITUDE.

Rothschild paid and used thousands  of desperate Irish immigrant men on both sides of the American Civil War 1861-1865 as officers, volunteers and draftees.  

Most Irish-Americans were mad by Rothschild and his Free Masons to settle in the northern, American states and were thus called up to serve when the southern states seceded and formed the Confederacy in 1861. 

On March 3, 1863, Rothschild got Congress to pass the Enrollment Act which required single men age 20 to 45 and married men up to age 35 to register for the draft.  

Even then the NOT SO BRIGHT Irish man did NOT smell a dirty trick.  -- that American citizenship also made immigrants liable for the draft.


 Rothschild made sure that the black slaves were excluded from this same draft.  This made these escaped slaves run in thousands to the North creating competition for the NOT SO BRIGHT Irish  in the labor market.

Aided covertly by the white police the DIM WIT  Irish started stabbing the poor confused  blacks on the streets.  More than 2150 people  died ( 9800 wounded ) in the draft riots in New York City which makes this the most deadly civil insurrection in American history.


Rothschild banksters  financed the Civil War. By the end of the war, more than 485,000 soldiers, sailors and militia (mostly DIMWIT Irish Immigrants) had enlisted from New York State, which was the most populous state at the time

Below: White Irish thugs giving the treatment to the poor blacks -with white police looking the other way  .. Initially intended to express anger at the draft, the Irish protests turned into a race riot, with white rioters, exclusively Irish immigrants, attacking blacks wherever they could find them-driving the blacks to Brooklyn ghettos . This is true naked history getting exhumed  .. 





In March 1863, white employers had hired blacks, with whom Irish men refused to work, as longshoremen. An Irish mob attacked two hundred blacks who were working on the docks, while other rioters went into the streets in search of "all the negro porters, cartmen and laborers ..." to attempt to remove all evidence of a black and interracial social life from the area near the docks. White dockworkers attacked and destroyed brothels, dance halls, boarding houses, and tenements that catered to blacks. Mobs stripped the clothing off the white owners of these businesses.

 We in Kerala know Rothschild engineered Mopah Rebellion ( Khilafat ) in Kerala using stooge Gandhi, driving a permanent wedge between Hindus and Muslims who co-existed for hundreds of years forever .
 



The Northern states remained loyal to the United States government, which was led by President Abraham Lincoln. Irish-Americans living in the Union states often formed their own regiments, notably the 69th New York State Volunteers. The Volunteers flew a green flag with a golden harp on it, symbolizing Ireland.

The green flag was carried in addition to the normal regimental and national colours, making the 69th probably the only regiment to carry five colors into battle during the American Civil War.

Seven Union generals were Irish-born while an estimated 161,000 Irish-Americans fought for the Union during the war.    At the 1862 Battle of Fredericksburg, the Union Irish Brigade FED WITH LIQUOR INFUSED HOT POTATOES charged up Marye's Heights, suffering 44% casualties

Rothschild has funded and armed every fight since the Battle of Waterloo. Although significantly fewer Irish lived in the Confederate States of America, six Confederate generals were Irish-born.

Units such as the Charleston Irish Volunteers attracted Confederate Irish-Americans in South Carolina, the 24th Georgia Volunteer Infantry followed General Thomas Reade Rootes Cobb, while Irish Tennesseans could join the 10th Tennessee Infantry Regiment.

The 5th Missouri Infantry, commanded by Colonel Joseph Kelly, was called "the Sons of Erin.", or Kelly's Irish Brigade. Although this unit was only a regiment, it is sometimes dubbed "The Confederate Irish Brigade." The Louisiana Tigers, first raised by Major Chatham Roberdeau Wheat, had a large number of Irish American members.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html


Wanna know about a DELIBERATE  Indian famine  –

-- WHICH KILLED 5.2 MILLION PEOPLE ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html






Time to digress to poet Lord Alfred Tennyson.

It has been the modus operandi of Rothschild to sponsor poets to achieve his mean and selfish ends. Tennyson was just one of those  .

Want an example ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/sir-muhammed-iqbal-knighted-for.html

Want another example ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/nobel-prize-and-knighthood-for-tagore.html

After the TOTAL FU#KUP of the CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE where almost all the KILLED were actually taken prisoner by the Russians – there was total gloom.   

Britain had lost control of their best supply road connecting Balaklava with the heights above Sevastopol, the major Russian naval centre that was under siege.

But hey, Rothschild rose to the occasion. He needed to make heroes out of his two stooges  . Field Marshal FitzRoy James Henry Somerset, 1st Baron Raglan and  George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan, who owned most Irish cultivating lands .  

A deliberately introduced potato blight would soon set off a massive migration of Irish to America where manpower was need to fight a war. 

It has always been in British blood to convert humiliating defeat into some glorious defeat super saturated in honour , values and bravery.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

Rothschild got poet Alfred Tennyson to write an INSTANT poem glorifying the charge of the light brigade.  Hundreds of copies were taken and distributed to the defeated surviving soldiers , even before Britain knew what happened .

Poets knew , supporting Rothschild has its rich rewards – especially LORD Alfred Tennyson, 1st Baron Tennyson, FRS “ Poet Laureate of Great Britain and Ireland”  during  Queen Victoria's reign . So, so- Tennyson converted shit into gold.

When the result of the Battle of Waterloo went by pigeon in a few hours, the result of the Battle of Balaclava was deliberately delayed by a three weeks -after the action and disgraceful defeat.

British commanders' dispatches from the front were published in an extraordinary edition of the ROTHSCHILD OWNED London Gazette – ( all cooked up –full of bullsh#t about the courage of the British soldiers)  of 12 November 1854.

Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who was a keen military historian and a former cavalryman, insisted on taking time out during the Yalta Conference in 1945 to see the battlefield for himself. –and of course he supported Rothschilds version of events –after all his mother Jewess Jenny Jerome was from the same family.




Above: Today the FREE world knows all three - Churchill, FD Roosevelt and Stalin were Jews 



What this planet does NOT know is that Rothschild groomed a Yank in America, exactly the way they groomed Churchill in England.    This stooge was a Jew Theodore Roosevelt who held two terms as US president and also became the youngest President ever.  

His 4th cousin Jew FD Roosevelt would later become the US President ( statue below ) for three terms running- supported by the Jew banksters . 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/explosion-on-ss-maine-grooming-of.html


Alfred, Lord Tennyson, the then Poet Laureate, wrote evocatively about the battle in his poem "The Charge of the Light Brigade". This poem was distributed in pamphlet form to the defeated troops. Tennyson gave FALTHU praises ("When can their glory fade? O the wild charge they made!") while deliriously  mourning the futility of the brave fu#kin’ charge ("Not tho' the soldier knew, someone had blunder'd... Charging an army, while all the world wonder'd")..  

THIS IS THE OFFICIAL VERSION STICK TO THIS VERSION WHEN YOU COME  BACK HOME.  

In October 1875, survivors of the Charge met at the Alexandra Palace in London to celebrate the 21st anniversary of the Charge. 

The celebrations were fully reported in the Illustrated London News of 30 October 1875, which included the recollections of several of the survivors, including those of Edward Richard Woodham, the Chairman of the Committee that organised the celebration. 

Tennyson was invited, but alas , he could not attend. Reunion dinners were held for a number of years.--FOR CELEBRATING COWARDICE AND FOUL LIES.

In 2004, on the 150th anniversary of the Charge, a commemoration of the event was held at Balaklava.


According to Norman f Dixon, a British psychologist whoe wrote the book “On the Psychology of Military Incompetence”  19th-century accounts of the charge tended to focus on the bravery and TRUMPED UP glory of the British cavalrymen, much more than the military blunders involved. 

Edwin Hughes, who died 14 May 1927, aged 96, was the last survivor of the charge and he had spilled some secrets before he died.


Three war movies were made, on the Charge of the Light Brigade.

The 1936 version stars Errol Flynn and is very historically inaccurate, turning the motive into a grudge match against an Indian ruler allied with the Russians. This is to put fog on the truth .

Another movie The Charge of the Light Brigade is a 1936 American historical adventure film made by Warner Bros.  The film starred Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland

Then there was another version in  1968, featuring David Hemmings (as Nolan) and Trevor Howard (as Cardigan).


The Crimean War was the first war attended on by journalists and photographers - William Russell and photographer Roger Fenton .

THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME EMBEDDED REPORTERS WERE EMPLOYED TO TELL  LIES TO SUIT ROTHSCHILD- TO BE PUBLISHED IN ROTHSCHILD MONOPOLISED MEDIA..


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html


The British Army and its leadership were a bunch of cowards during the Crimean War (1853-56).   

The JUDAS leaders of the war were under Rothschild payroll.   



The royalty dare NOT say anything. Rothschild had the wherewithal to make the queen do MURGA POSITION ,nude on the royal floor.


Britain had not fought in a European theatre since the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, and the army had become sclerotic and bound by corrupt JUDAS bureaucracy.


Tactical and logistical nous had not advanced in 40yrs, and the whole ethos of the army was bound in outmoded social values - in short, the British military establishment was stuck in a EVIL time-warp.


Even today the pathetic British penchant of transforming the reality of bungled Rothschild stooge LORD command and COWARDLY DEFEAT into a fiction of chivalrous self-sacrifice still goes on.


This Rothschild stooge man Field Marshal FitzRoy James Henry Somerset, 1st Baron Raglan, GCB PC  was Wellington `s  ( Battle of Waterloo fame ) son-in-law.     

Raglan ( never mind his one ram ) lacked the emotional or operational intelligence required of leaders - he simply didn`t know the job, or the people.  

Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington – French cousin Rothschild stooge fought in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War at the Battle of Seringapatam ( only on paper ) where Rothschild stole the enormous gold of Tipu Sultan ( Kerala temple gold ) .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html


http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/family-of-military-hero-locked-in-battle-over-sale-of-treasures-7609026.html



Above: Made in Cawnpore boots of Lord of Wellington-- Ganges was polluted to make boots for the white invaders army.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/06/ganga-manthan-cleaning-of-river-ganges.html


ZIONIST DARLING MODI WANTS ISRAEL TO CLEAN THE GANGES RIVER  -- NEVER MIND THAT ISRAEL DOES NOT HAVE ANY RIVER .


According to POET Tennyson’s grandson Sir Charles Tennyson, his grandfather wrote the poem in only a few minutes after reading an account of the battle in The Times – of course cooked up by owner Rothschild.




mudaliarFebruary 22, 2015 at 7:56 PM
Hello
​Taslima Rushdie,&Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
One cannot close our eyes to what is happening in this globalized knowledge creation and assimilation.
China history is successfully implemented in MOOC by international universities.
I initially thought that missing links of Indian history can be exhumed from China. One can see clearly how well India is left out by those Forigen universities.
Japan too recreating to change the global perception about them,
It is pathetic that we need to learn our history through Blogs .
Australian university did a beginning last year and expected a follow up .If some university creates a distorted one,
Let there be , but we need to create more universities and History that too Ancient history need lots of research to create awareness on continuum basis be it in our
soil or in globalized system.
So, , sources are also need to be included in the blogs.
ReplyDelete

RepliesCapt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 22, 2015 at 8:08 PM

















hi m,

so,the best source for a blogger MUST be a white skinned jew - on Rothschild's payroll , right?

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
 
Taslima RushdieFebruary 23, 2015 at 1:44 AM
Hello Mudaliar!

History writing is a neglected aspect of nation building even in this 21st century. Even today, we make our opinions based on news reports, TV shows, books, autobiographies etc. We don't have authentic history books even for the post-1947 era. Whatever available information is scattered, deliberately hidden in the name of secrecy, and even distorted to suit a particular ideology or political party.

In addition, even now, we depend on foreign experts to understand our historical events, which can never be free of bias and malice. Their analysis and interpretation is widely acclaimed and propagated without any debate. Such experts have free hand even in commenting about our religion, culture, govt policies, minorities etc etc.

There was a widespread perception about MMS being a puppet PM, but there was no proof. There is a popular misconception that AK49 is an honest politician, but there are contrary extreme views about him based on his modus operandi. We say Gandhiji is our father of nation who single-handedly gave us freedom, but there is enough evidence to prove that he doesn't deserve this description. Ambedkar is a god for many, but he is a villain in others' opinion.

Can there be any solution to such extreme views?

Like the census, history writing should be the government's responsibility. Our govt should form a committee of eminent historians from different universities to write contemporary history. This authentic contemporary history should be published after every 10-years (just like census). This history can be debated in every available forum and even in parliament, but the final draft should be the most authentic version of history. Can we dream of such a thing even now???

We don't need any proof to believe Captain's blog. We agree with his perception, as it helps us to connect dots like never before.

... Taslima Rushdie
Delete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 23, 2015 at 4:23 AM
hi tr,

EVERY OTHER PM OF INDIA, KEPT KAILASH SATYARTHI AT AN ARMS DISTANCE.

WHEN ZIONISTS PUT PRESSURE ON THEIR DARLING PM CHANDRASEKHAR ( 1976 JAIL PARTY ) TO AWARD THIS MAN BHARATRATNA , --

HE TOLD THEM - NO-- AND SAID THAT SATYARTHI IS KILLING THE FAMILY BASED ULTRA SKILLED COTTAGE INDUSTRY OF INDIA WHICH HAVE COME DOWN FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS FROM FATHER TO SON..

BUY HEY, OUR ALICE IN GUJJULAND - HUGGED HIM . JUST TO PLEASE HIS ZIONIST FRIENDS . SO THAT MAYBE IN FUTURE , HE MIGHT ALSO GET A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE.

ONLY NARDENDRA MODI CAN STOP BHARATMATAa MARCH TO BEING THE NO 1 SUPERPOWER IN 20 YEARS -- BY DESTROYING INDIAs FOOD SECURITY -- BY HAVING ZIONIST GMO COMPANIES TAKE OVER OUR FOOD CHAIN ..

APCO MODI IS ALLOWING GM FOOD LOVER "CHITPAVAN" PRAKASH JAVEDEKAR TO FIRE OVER HIS SHOULDER -SAYING EVERY NOW AND THEN THAT GM FOODS ARE GOOD FOR INDIA.

I AM QUOTING THE IRISH EXAMPLE -

I HAVE DECIDED TO WRITE ABOUT THE IRISH FAMINE -JUST AS A POLITICAL LESSON TO FROG OUTSIDE THE GUJARATI WELL , NARENDRA MODI .

MODI DOES NOT EVEN KNOW THAT THE PLAGUE IN SURAT WERE CAUSED BY HIS ZIONIST LANGOT YAAARS .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Below: The potato blight was MAN MADE --and it was to induce mass emigration of Irish to America..   Irish population has still NOT reached pre-famine levels after 170 years . 

Rothschild profited out of Irish misery  .   

Nobody knows that Rothschild underwrote the loan for "famine relief" in Ireland.   Most of the "Irish Famine Loan", some 1.5 million pounds, was spent on "follies" which were of no use to the Irish people.  

HEY, ALICE IN GUJJULAND MODI -- DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT WORLD INTRIGUE ?  



Time to digress-




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/kalasha-symbol-of-cosmic-womb-capt-ajit.html


That is whole ,  this also is whole.  From wholeness alone, emerges wholeness . Though this fullness comes from that fullness,  that fullness still remains forever full.

Below: The symbol of Sanatana Dharma below ( Kalasha Kumbham ) represents FULLNESS 




THE CHITPAVAN JEWS IMPALED IT WITH A STICK AND MADE IT UPSIDE DOWN SANS THE GANGES WATER - REPRESENTING EMPTINESS .



BR AMBEDKERITE DALITS COMPLAINED THAT THEY WERE TREATED VERY BADLY BY THE BRAHMINS AS UNTOUCHABLES .

NOW MY TRUTH EXHUMING REVELATIONS WILL JUMP TO 3.2%  -  A MIGHTY LEAP.

I ASK BR AMBEDKARITES - ASK YOUR GREAT GRANDFATHERS ( IF THEY ARE ALIVE ) -

1) THESE BRAHMINS YOU TREATED YOU AS UNTOUCHABLES -  WERE THEY FAIR SKINNED WITH GREY/ GREEN EYES?

2) DID THE BRAHMINS WHO ILL TREATED YOU WORSHIP VITTALA/ VITOBHA / PANDURANGA ( A GOD CREATED BY CHITPAVAN JEWS AND THEIR SPONSOR JEW ROTHSCHILD )?

3) DID THESE BRAHMINS WHO ILLTREATED YOU CELEBRATE GUDI PADVA, WHERE THE KALASHA KUMBHAM  OF OUR ANCIENT 7000 YEAR OLD VEDAS, WERE IMPALED AND HUNG UPSIDE DOWN  ?

I AM SURE THE DALITS / MAHAR BUDDHISTS KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE FAKE JEW BRAHMINS AND THE REAL DESHASTHA BRAHMINS ,  WHO NEVER GAVE THEIR SONS AND DAUGHTERS TO THE ( GERMAN JEW ROTHSCHILD CREATED ) BENE ISRAEL BLOOD CHITPAVAN BRAHMINS.

ROTHSCHILD TOOK A SHIPLOAD OF BENE ISRAEL JEWS FROM KERALA BY HIS BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY SHIP AND DUMPED THEM OFF THE COAST OF KONKAN , FROM WHERE THEY WADED ASHORE SAYING THAT THEY WERE SHIPWRECKED .

IT TOOK THESE FEW JEWS HARDLY ANY TIME TO BREED LIKE RABBITS WITH LOCALS AND FORM THE PESHWA JEWS - WHO WRESTED EMPEROR SHAHUs KINGDOM AWAY.

ROTHSCHILD GAVE THE PESHWA MARATHAS HELP TO EAT AWAY THE MUGHAL KINGDOMS  , AND LATER THEY GAVE IT AWAY ON A PLATTER TO THEIR MASTER GERMAN JEW ROTHSCHILD - OWNER OF BRTISH EAST INDIA COMPANY .

Chitpavan Brahmins do NOT have brahmin blood or DNA-- they just have Bene Israel Jewish DNA.   


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Brahmin


Hey, Rotshchild even created Brahmins in Boston USA - called Boston Brahmins.  


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html

TO QUALIFY YOU HAD TO BE A OPIUM DRUG RUNNER  .


Above: The Boston Brahmins cultivated a special accent - and lorded  over the locals . HUMBHI BRAHMIN TUM BHI BRAHMIN - MAJJA HAI !  

A bit like HUM BHI FRENCH TUM BHI FRENCH RINCHET MAJJA HAI  !!



Below: Marathas could NOT have captured the whole of India without rockets and long range cannons provided by the white invader -- and foul tactics of  DIVIDE AND RULE inputs from Jew Rothschild  -- Today our Maratha babu had wind in his head - and he thinks he is VERY brave--  he thinks that he did it on his own steam .  

Below: URUMI--  Serrated extremely sharp flexible blades infused with toxic metals - you get a small nick --   and you go home and die .   Let the mightiest warrior on planet earth fight with a Kerala URUMI warrior - he will be cut into beef chops.




The richest and most beautiful land Kerala remained unconquered because of the deadly martial Kalari tradition , till Rothschild ( French branch ) gave rockets and long range cannons to Muslim Tipu Sultan , to blast the Kerala temple vaults and steal the gold - with spy inputs from mulatto Arab Kerala Muslim half breeds  .



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/kalaripayattu-oldest-and-deadliest.html

Below:  Samurai-- brilliant on paper , shit on field !




 

JUST AN EXAMPLE OF  HOW A JEWISH MIND WORKS .  

TODAY FALSE FLAG EVENTS ARE HAPPENING IN INDIA ALL OVER AGAIN - 

BHARATMATA IS IN DANGER OF BEING CHAINED UP ALL OVER AGAIN--  WITH A JEW APCO BRANDED DARLING ON THE PMs CHAIR 

OUR ZIONIST DARLING MODI IS ON HIS OWN PERSONAL HAWA HAWAAAI TRIP -  LIKE MUNGERILAL OF DOORDARSHAN FAME .

Below: Moses shall  leadETH you poor persecuted Jews to the promised land of milk and honey !




Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 24, 2015 at 2:27 PM
STOP PRESS:


TWO YEARS AGO, WHAT I HAVE BEEN SAYING ALL ALONG WAS SUPPORTED WITH SOLID DNA EVIDENCE BY A JEW NAMED DR ERAN ELHAIK .

DNA DOES NOT LIE .

I HAVE REPEATEDLY SAID THAT ISRAELI JEWS DO NOT HAVE THE SAME DNA AS THE ANCIENT PALESTINIANS .

THAT ALL THIS NONSENSE OF MOSES LEDING THE JEWS OUT OF EGYPT IS PURE BULLSH#T—BECAUSE JUDAISM IS LESS THAN 3000 YEARS OLD .

The 2012 genetic discoveries by Dr. Eran Elhaik of the prestigious Johns Hopkins Medical University, that the Jews are not of ancient Israel but originated in Khazaria, have indeed stunned the Israelis.

NOW THE ISRAELI JEWS WANT A SECOND JEWSIH HOMELAND IN UKRAINE ( KHAZARIA )

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrJMYCroThw

JOHN MC CAIN WENT TO UKRAINE SEVERAL TIMES TO OVERTHROW THE LEGALLY ELECTED UKRANIAN PRESIDENT VIKTOR FEDOROVYCH YANUKOVYCH AND TO INSTALL A PUPPET JEW BILLIONAIRE PETRO POPOSHENKO AS PRESIDENT .

THIS IS LIKE GADDAFI/ ASSAD GOING TO USA TO DRIVE WEDGES AND OVERTHROW THE US GOVT .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2015/01/vladimir-putin-hero-of-free-world-capt.html

JUDAISM WAS CREATED BY DISGRACED NAMBOODIRIS FROM KERALA . KING DAVIDs WIFE ( KING SOLOMONs MOTHER ) WAS A NAMBOODIRI WOMAN NAMED BATH SHEBA .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

Below: Khazar Jews have as much right to Palestine as Indonesians have to Saudi Arabia.






DESPERATELY POOR INDIANS AND IRISH WERE USED TO REPLACE BLACK SLAVES  .  

THE WHITE SKINNED CATHOLIC IRISH BY FORCED MASS MIGRATION  .

THE BROWN SKINNED HINDU INDIAN BY SHEER DECEIT. 

YES—MY REVELATIONS HAVE JUST JUMPED UP TO 3.2%


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html


THE POTATO BLIGHT WAS CREATED IN AMERICA IN 1844.

THE ROTTEN POTATOES WHERE SHIPPED TO BELGIUM AND TRIED IN EUROPEAN AIR CONDITIONS AND THEN THIS BLIGHT EXPORTED TO IRELAND.   ( ‘Phytophthora Infestans’ – an air carried fungus.)


The people of Ireland expected a good potato crop in 1845. The weather had appeared to be favourable and in many senses, the farming community of Ireland expected a bumper harvest. 

However, when it came to digging up the potatoes, all they got was a black gooey mess


I AGAIN ASK ALICE IN GUJJULAND APCO BRANDED , MODI TO BE CAREFUL WHILE ACCEPTING GM CROPS IN INDIA -- 

THIS WILL BE THE END OF OUR DREAMS OF BEING A WORLD SUPERPOWER .  YOU ARE DEALING WITH THE SAME EVIL FORCES.




WE FIND STUPID INDIANS CRYING FOR THE FAKE 6 MILLIONS JEWS OF THE HOLOCAUST.

90 MILLIONS HINDUS – YES - 90 MILLION -- WERE SLAUGHTERED – AND NOBODY CARES . 


ENCYCLOPEDIAS DID NOT RECORD IT, TILL THIS BLOGSITE FORCED THEM TO  .


THIS 90 MILLION DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FAMINE DEATHS  IN INDIA –DELIBERATELY INTRODUCED IN SUCH A FERTILE COUNTRY..


Rothschild had induced a famine in India in certain select states for mass migration as Indentured coolies.   Large parts of Indian fertile lands were converted from food grains to Opium cultivation too.  


Nobody talks about the great famine in India of 1876–78 where 6.3 million Indians died , while 61 million Indians starved . 


9.8 million Indians who died in the great famine of 1769- -deliberately starved by Rothschild controlled East India company employee Warren Hastings , who wanted Opium , Indigo and Jute for export instead of food.


We Indians are more familiar with the DELIBERATE famine in 1943 ( Bengal ) for which Amartya sen got the Nobel prize when 5.2 million Indians died.


The Irish famine deaths are NOTHING compared to this.


I WANT EVERY DESH BHAKT INDIAN TO READ THE POSTS BELOW –  
CHUTNEY MARYs AND PICKLE JOHNs WHOSE LOYALTIES LIE WITH ZIONISTS -LAY OFF.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-genocide.html




I WANT THESE DEATHS TO BE INCLUDED IN OUR NCERT TEXT BOOKS- 

LET OUR FUTURE GENERATIONS KNOW THE TRUTH. 

LEST WE HAVE FUTURE APCO BRANDED LEADERS WHO ARE IGNORANT FROGS IN THE  WELL , SUCKING UP TO THE SAME EVIL FORCES , WHO CAUSED THESE DEATHS

Below: APCO branded Israel darling frog in the well - kitna achcha duniya hai- - upar mein gol gol - woh bhi blue colour waala .



There is this politically-correct way of never naming R.   The blame is put on FAMINE or a LETHARGIC POLITICAL SYSTEM – but never R who controlled the money and political system those days -- just as they do today.  

This is what BRICS will change  .

The British landlords as well as the Irish landlords were in debt to the R controlled Jew bankers and had the choice of either paying their debts or having their farms and estates confiscated.  

Even as their own Irish farm workers were starving to death, these absentee landlords exported food from Ireland to sell in Great Britain.  It is a historical fact, that during the entire Irish Potato Famine, Ireland was a net exporter of food (all foods, that is, except potatoes).

They had enough food to feed their people, but they exported it to sell so that they could pay the R banksters interest on the loans.

Potatoes grown on even a small plot can feed an entire family and are a STAPLE nutritional source.  So, the Irish poor became dependent upon the potatoes they grew on their little plots even while they labored for the landlords on the big estates. 


Potatoes were nutritious and easy to cook, and they could be fed to pigs and cattle and fowl. And families did not need a plough to grow potatoes. All they needed was a spade, and they could grow potatoes in wet ground and on mountain sides where no other kinds of plants could be cultivated.



Potatoes became such an important and basic food for the Irish poor that when Irish immigrant women were seeking work in America, they had trouble finding jobs as cooks because all they knew how to cook was potatoes in its variety of dishes. 



Most tasteless Irish humor is based on how starving Irish monopolized potatoes.




Below: Very funny !



52%   of the British Army serving in India were Irish-born . Knowing their sorrow of affairs back home, Indian donated generously. Most of the money were donated by poor Hindu people, with Indian kings and Indian princes chipping in.  Rothschild controlled the collections. 


Within a few months, the Calcutta Committee itself had raised 20,000 pounds for the relief of the Irish poor –where this money went, is anybody’s guess. 


Queen Victoria is remembered as “The Famine Queen” for allegedly only giving 5 pounds to help the starving Irish.  Now the royalty struck Limeys try to fudge this and try to make her a very generous donor- so what else is new..

The Calcutta committee was headed by English judge Chief Justice Sir Lawrence Peel.  On his retirement in November 1855 a statue of him was erected in Eden Gardens Calcutta .   From 1857 he was a director of the British East India Company

All this was usual for R. Create a problem and pretend to solve that problem – called HEGELIAN DIALECTIC .  In this case it was mass migration to America for cheap white labour.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html


But while the potato crop failed and most Irish were starving, many wealthy absentee landlords who owned large farms had large crops of oats and grain that they were exporting to England.  The poor in Ireland could not afford to buy food and were starving.   

This famine was DELIBERATE – the not so bright Irish must know this today.  They will NOT get the truth from R controlled media.  During times of famine you do NOT export food, this is rule No 1 .
In July 1847, almost 3 million starving Irish people were lining up to get a “vile soup” or a “stirabout” porridge consisting of Indian maize and Indian rice shipped out of India for some amount of succor.




Below: 85% of the Irish dwellings were mere mud huts, many of them consisting of only one room, which the family shared with a pig whose manure was heaped outside the home to fertilize the next potato crop.  

When fully grown the pig would be used towards payment of the landlord's rent and another piglet raised to repeat the process.  The great majority of agricultural labourers and their families lived on a diet consisting of potatoes, supplemented when they could afford it with buttermilk and, eggs if they were lucky enough to own two or three hens. 

 The potatoes the family did not eat, along with any corn they could grow, went to pay the rent for the miserable hovels they lived in.  Most of the absentee land lords were crypto Jews and  some were Protestants.



The HEGELIAN DIALECTIC of R worked.  All this took long term planning and an EVIL vision.

Enough white skinned soldier recruits would soon arrive America to be used as cannon fodder . .In the American civil war  mostly Irish died.

Rothschild made sure that Irish-American Catholics served on both sides of the American Civil War 1861-1865 as officers, volunteers and draftees.   Immigration due to the Irish Great Famine 1845 - 1852 had provided many thousands of men as potential recruits. 

Most Irish-Americans had settled in the northern, American states  and were thus called up to serve when the southern states seceded and formed the Confederacy in 1861.

On March 3, 1863, Congress passed the Enrollment Act which required single men age 20 to 45 and married men up to age 35 to register for the draft. This act angered many northern whites, mainly Irish immigrants who had accepted U.S. citizenship, not realising that citizenship also made immigrants liable for the draft. 

Fuel was added to the fire of their anger when black men, mostly freed slaves, were excluded from this same draft. The Irish feared that newly freed slaves from the South would migrate to the North and create further competition in the labor market. 

Many Irish saw this as a "rich man's war and a poor man's fight" since the policies of substitution and commutation were controversial practices which allowed drafted citizens to opt out of service by either furnishing a suitable substitute to take the place of those drafted, or pay $300 each.

The Northern states remained loyal to the United States government, which was led by President Abraham Lincoln.  Irish-Americans living in the Union states often formed their own regiments, notably the 69th New York State Volunteers.  

The Volunteers flew a green flag with a golden harp on it, symbolizing Ireland. The green flag was carried in addition to the normal regimental and national colours, making the 69th probably the only regiment to carry five colors into battle during the American Civil War.

Seven Union generals were Irish-born while an estimated 150,000 Irish-Americans fought for the Union during the war.  At the 1862 Battle of Fredericksburg, the Union Irish Brigade charged up Marye's Heights, suffering more than half the  casualties.


As usual R made sure Irish fough on both sides. Although significantly fewer Irish lived in the Confederate States of America, six Confederate generals were Irish-born.  Not so bright  Irish were killing Irish. 

Like I said----

Most of the large and productive Irish farms were owned by crypto Jews and English Protestant gentry who collected rents and lived abroad.  Many owners visited their property only once or twice in their lifetime.  

Their property was managed by middlemen, who split up the farms into smaller and smaller sections to increase the rents. The farms became too small to require hired labor. By 1835, three quarters of Irish laborers had no regular employment of any kind.

With no employment available, the only way that a laborer could live and support a family was to get a patch of land and grow potatoes.

By early spring of 1846, panic began to spread as food supplies disappeared.  Starving people ate the seeds for the next year  .

Potatoes could not be stored for more than a year. If the potato crop failed, there was nothing to replace it

People ate anything they could find, including the leaves and bark of trees and even grass. Lord Montaeagle reported to the House of Lords in March, people were eating food “from which so putrid and offensive an effluvia issued that in consuming it they were obliged to leave the doors and windows of their cabins open,” and illnesses, including “fever from eating diseased potatoes,” were beginning to spread.

Driven by panic and desperation, a flood of emigrants left Ireland in 1847.  Many left dressed in rags with not enough food to last the 40-day sea journey across the Atlantic and not enough money to buy food sold on board.

Almost all of the Irish who immigrated to America were poor peasants from rural counties. Most were illiterate, and many spoke only Irish and could not understand English.  And although they had lived off the land in their home country, the immigrants did not have the skills needed for large-scale farming in the American West.

Instead, they settled in Boston, New York, and other cities on the East Coast. The men took whatever jobs they could find—loading ships at the docks, sweeping streets, cleaning stables. The women took jobs as servants to the rich or working in textile factories.

Most stayed in slum tenements near the ports where they arrived and lived in basements and attics with no water, sanitation, or daylight. Many children took to begging, and men often spent what little money they had on alcohol.


Queen Victoria is remembered as “The Famine Queen” for allegedly only giving £5 to help the starving Irish.

 Rothschild controlled media has given propaganda that all potatoes on this planet came from Chile and  Bolivian Andean highlands—and that the white invader brought this potato to India.

NONSENSE with a capital N.


Kerala traditions older than Ayurveda ( 4000 BC ) had this practice of Thiruvathira where potato was one of the STEM TUBERs to be eaten with other TAP and TUBER ROOT foods to be eaten.

.http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/thiruvathira-karva-chauth-of-kerala.html


WOMEN WITH TERRIBLE PMS PROBLEMS READ UP ABOUT COLOCASIA.




Even today NOT many Irish know that the Penal Laws of the early 1700’s required the Irish to change their Catholic religion and allowed the British to take the land of those who didn’t become Protestants.

And how did the British become Protestants.

Pray ?

Prithee ?

BECAUSE THEIR KING  WANTED TO FUCK  .

King Henry VIII took on 6 wives ( and dozens of mistresses ) --and since divorce was NOT allowed by the Pope and Roman Catholic laws - he made the new Protestant order on being arm twisted by the rich Jews who hated Catholics .  

King Henry VIII declared himself head of the Church of England, which still exists.

Congenital syphilis has affected his brain.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/mary-mary-quite-contrary-bloody-mary.html

Queen Elizabeth 1 had balls and a prick — real family jewels set -- biological ones.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

The Irish were left with extremely small parcels of land, too small for most crops such wheat and barley. In this way R controlled landowners made sure that the Irish became dependent on the potato for survival, because sufficient amounts could be grown of very small plots of land.

In the whole of India only Kerala Namboodiris were racist—for they held all the land and hence the wealth .   Rest of India had Brahmins wallowing in poverty- and there is NO way they could be racists  .

Lord Parashurama grabbed the fertile lands from the Thirayyars ( Thiyyas ) using AXE POWER and gave it to the brahmins 6000 years ago.

VISHNU AVATAR PARASHURAMA DID NOT ALLOW SUBDIVISION AND FRAGMENTATION OF THE FERTILE LANDS .   THE WHITE INVADER ( ROTHSCHILD )  REVERSED IT .   TODAY THE FERTILE LANDS IN KERALA ARE TOO SMALL TO GROW RICE .

PARASHURAMA CREATED SNAKE GROVES TO PRESERVE AYURVEDIC HERBS. ROTHSCHILD CALLED THIS SUPERSTITION AND DESTROYED THEM.   TODAY WE DO NOT HAVE ANCIENT LIFE GIVING HERBS AND WE DEPEND OF THE WHITE MANs EVIL PHARMA.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/worst-racists-on-planet-earth-capt-ajit.html





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/king-cobra-and-snake-temples-of-kerala.html


Do the Irish know their own pathetic history?  Even powerful Irish like John F kennedy has done nothing to expose what went on.

The Penal Laws, first passed in 1695. were strictly enforced. These laws made it illegal for Catholics (Irish) to own land, and required the transfer of property from Catholics to Protestants; to have access to an education . 

The British eliminated Gaelic as a language while preventing the development of an educated class; to enter professions, forcing the Irish to remain as sharecropping farmers; or to practice their religion.  
R was neck deep in all these draconian laws.  

Just because some pope at Vatican had done inquisition on the Jews in Spain , Portugal and Italy,  R media and encyclopedia do NOT talk about all this.   



Little does the world know that the Pope sharpened his inquisition and torture skills in Goa , India.  

More than 20000 Hindus were brought under trial by this Inquisition at Goa — slow tortured for several days and then killed  .  


Today the types of Father Dominic, John Dayal and Modi's LANGOT YAAR --  BAAAAAAAAAA lecture to Hindus about tolerance.



Now even Wikipedia accepts this after I exposed it in my blog site, 5 years ago . 




THANK GOD FOR THE INTERNET .   WE KNOW ONLY ABOUT ISIS , RIGHT ?




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

Wikipedia has diluted the figure killed to 16172 – see their Jewish spies counted the Hindu ghosts .

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goa_Inquisition





Catholics (Irish) could not vote, hold an office, purchase land, join the army, or engage in commerce. Simply put, the British turned the Irish into nothing better than slaves, subsisting on their small rented farms.



The potato became the dominant crop for the poor of Ireland as it was able to provide the greatest amount of food for the least acreage .  Ironically the potato kept the Irish impoverished and made them vulnerable.

All R had to do was to take the potato away and make an entire Catholic nation vulnerable. Exploiting vulnerability has been a Rothschild Enterprise since they stole Tipu Sultan’s gold ( Calicut King- Kerala Temple gold )  in 1799.


How many of you can think this way.  It requires a real deceitful brain and warped DNA.

Telling a story about Field Marshal George Charles Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan GCB , the BOSSMAN of the Light brigade , and a Rothschild stooge , one of the most hated men in Irish history has landed us this far HOP STEP AND JUMP !.


Capt. Ajit VadakayilFebruary 27, 2015 at 8:36 PM
PEOPLE WONDER WHY CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL GETS ALL THE SCOOPS --

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymDH_a2T290

IF ANYBODY THINKS THAT THE VIDEO ABOVE ( JIHADI JOHN/ PUTIN ) IS A MISTAKE , THEY ARE SADLY MISTAKEN.

THIS IS THE MEANING OF THROWING GRIT INTO YOUR PERCEPTION -- WHICH CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DOES NOT ALLOW.

DURING THE 2014 LOK SABHA ELECTIONS MODI USE TO DRAW HUGE CROWDS AND RAHUL GANDHI SMALL SPARSE CROWDS.

BUT WHENEVER THE BENAMI MEDIA ( ALL ZIONIST CHANNELS ) SHOWED MODI SPEAKING AT A RALLY, THEY WOULD DIVIDE THE SCREEN INTO TWO VERTICALLY.

WHILE MODI SPOKE THEY WOULD SHOW RAHUL GANDHIs CROWDS AND VICE VERSA.

WHEN PRIYANKA WALKED BARE FOOT AT AMETHI FOLLOWED BY 20 CHOOTIYA CHAMCHAS -- THESE BENAMI TV CAMERA MAN USED TO WALK ALONG BY THE SIDE SHAKING HIS CAMERA DELIBERATELY , --

SO THAT THE VIEWERS ARE FOOLED INTO THINKING THAT "POPULAR DARLING " BIANCA - NAY - PRIYANKA WADHERA - NAY - VADRA ( angrez hai na? )

-- IS CAUGHT IN A HUGE CRUSH OF LAKHS OF ADORING MILLING CROWDS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/grit-in-your-perception-apparatus.html

TEEEE HEEEEEEEEEEEE !

BBBRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY !

capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete



Above:  Click on Youtube to see the video.     The waitress lost the elections due to this immature woman and Slimy Mani.     Poor AKKAL KA DUSHMAN has taken the blame. 



On September 9, 1845, Irish newspapers reported for the first time that there was a famine in Ireland. At that time, the population of Ireland was 8,295,000 by a census .  By 1851, there were fewer than six million people remaining there, again by a census .   

Things transpired in a planned and controlled manner— otherwise why has such a census ?  During the draft riots in America , many young Irish was sent to Tasmania and Australia ( penal colonies ) .  

So hey, Irish down under—now you know why you are there  .  Your ancestor was NOT a criminal ,rather he had balls to fight for his rights .  Nobody would have ever told you this , right?

Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, Former governor general Sir William Deane, Former prime minister John Curtin, Former prime minister Ben Chifley, Former prime minister Paul Keating BLAH BLAH

But hey, do NOT celebrate yet -  your Tasmanian forefather could have been a murdering thug.
The Irish immigrants murdered the  last full-blooded Aborigine in Tasmania in 1876.  When Tasmania was settled in 1803, there were more than 12000 original Tasmanians natives .

In Australia they distributed small pox blankets to exterminate the aborgines.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/fransisco-pizarro-hernan-cortez.html



Aborgines were exterminated by the white invader starving them to death . Fresh water sources were poisoned .. 

The fishing grounds were destroyed by the white man dragging fishing nets through the water, seriously depleting Aboriginal fish sources .


The white Christian evangelists distributing them FREE SMALL POX GERMS INFESTED BLANKETS.

The evangelists already had small ox and were IMMUNE .



The blanket distribution started in April 1789, at Port Jackson where Aboriginal tribes actively resisted settlers from the First Fleet . 





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/christopher-columbus-father-of-american.html

The journal of marine captain Watkin Tench indicates that the First Fleet carried bottles of smallpox .


The Initial white criminal penal settlers were all immune to small pox .

Below: Christian kindness 




The Irish must know that they were forced to migrate .  Moe than  70 shiploads of food ( live stock, grain, poultry etc ) per day was removed from Ireland by Rothschild’s ships.  Around 150,000 soldiers and wars ships stood guard while the Irish watched in sheer dismay.   

When things started leaking in the Internet age , The Public Record Office recently informed that their British regiments’ Daily Activity Reports of 1845-1850 have “gone missing.”   Those days the media in Britain and Ireland was Rotshchild monopolized.



Also “missing” are the receipts issued by the British army commissariat officers in every Irish port tallying the cattle and tonnage of foodstuff removed; likewise the export lading manifests.



The German government headed by CRYPTO Jews “repented” and paid more than 100 billion USD to the  LYING Jews for the SIX MILLION DEAD  . 



The British government and its Dublin surrogates still use terror and slander against those who commemorate the Irish Holocaust.  It is still dangerous – after 150 years – to truth.




Same way if you say only FIVE MILLION DEAD there are 18 countries who have laws to throw you into jail for ant-semitism.  When you come out of jail IRS will make sure you are a pauper.

Below:   SIX MILLION JEWS did not exists in the whole of Europe those days - so maybe it was because the star of David had 6 points.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/buried-truth-at-jasenovic-capt-ajit.html




John Bull has wind in his head .  He thinks that he conquered so many countries and fought for queen and country forming the Commonwealth of Colonial Nations.

Sorry, he fought for a mangy German Jew who gave the queen/ king a percentage kickback .   
And NONE repeat NONE of these battles was fair and honorable. There was DECEIT and DISHONOUR in every step.

Most of these deadly battles of amazing British courage , were ONLY on paper .

Hey, what about the much touted BRITISH JUSTICE ?

BBBRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY  ! – there you have my answer.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/india-must-quit-commonwealth-capt-ajit.html


Like the Marathas , the Sikhs too have wind in their heads.  

They boast “ Even the mighty British could NOT conquer us Sikhs . Sher hain hum log !"

 ( Oh yeah ?  Baaki Indians TATTU hai kya ? )

Rothschild had a NO ATTACK AGREEMENT with Maharaja Ranjit Singh . 

The Sikh kingdom was a BUFFER to prevent invading Muslims from coming into India .  

Any time the Sikhs found the Muslim invaders too hot to handle Rothschild and his mighty army would step in .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/maharaja-ranjit-singh-rise-and-fall-of.html




The Irish government had announced that in June, 1997 it will end the “Irish Famine commemoration” in a “wake cum musical celebration to bury the ghost of the famine.”

WHAT TYPE OF BULLSH#T  IRISH LEADERSHIP IS THIS ? 

WHOM  DID THEY PLEASE ?

NEVER FORGET PAST HISTORY  , ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU GOT THE SHORT END OF THE STICK !

A Frenchman named Gustave de Beaumont traveled the length and breath of Ireland in the 1830s and wrote about his travels.

QUOTE :  In all countries, . . . paupers may be discovered, but an entire nation of paupers is what was never seen until it was shown in Ireland. :UNQUOTE

The 37,000 Irish immigrants who arrived in Boston in 1847 increased the city’s population by more than 30 percent.  Many unskilled workers feared being put out of work by Irish immigrants willing to work for less than the going rate.

The Irish also faced religious prejudice as almost all of them were Catholic. With the large number of Irish immigrants flooding into the cities, Catholicism came close to being the largest single Christian denomination in the country.

Many Protestants feared that the Irish were under the power of the Pope and could never be truly patriotic Americans. The press described Irish immigrants as “aliens” who were mindlessly loyal to their Catholic leaders.

As anti-Irish and anti-Catholic sentiment grew, newspaper advertisements for jobs and housing routinely ended with the statement: “No Irish need apply.”




In those days a Jewish woman in America with rH negative blood required  a rH negative man to procreate.  The Jews were predominantly rH negative.  The Irish celts has rH negative blood.




HOW MANY OF YOU HEARD OF JEWISH  REVENGE ON THE WHITE CATHOLIC FOR THE VATICAN INQUISITIONS ? 

How many of you have heard of WHITE SLAVES in the Caribbean ?  

Irish were punished for giving refuge to the Catholic Spaniards shipwrecked from the Spanish Armada.  

Jewish revenge can be terrible .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

WANNA KNOW A PIECE OF REAL HISTORY ?

More than 65000 Irish slaves were shipped to Barbados thanks to Crypto  Jew Oliver Cromwell.  Some more went there during the Irish Famine.

The Irish slave trade by rich Jews began in 1625 when King James II sold 31,000 Irish prisoners to be sold to rich Jew plantation owners in the West Indies. The Irish were illtreated as payback with interest for the Inquisition . 

Below: Irish slaves in Barbados.


From 1641 to 1652, over 320,000 were sold as slaves.  Wives and children were NOT allowed on board ships  .


In 1656, Oliver Cromwell ordered that 2000 Irish children be taken to Jamaica and sold as slaves to English settlers.  Records state that, after the 1798 Irish Rebellion, thousands of Irish slaves were sold to rich Jews in America .



It is also on a British Captain's ship log that he dumped more than a thousand half dead Irish slaves s into the Atlantic Ocean so that the crew would have plenty of food to eat.

Later Indians replaced them as Indentured labour and these Irish whites ill treated the Indians as supervisors .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html




Though the Bank of England was a fractional reserve system that could print any amount of money that it needed, just like the FED in the modern USA, the British ( Rothschild Jew) bankers lied and said that they didn't have enough money to help the Irish.  So, the British politicians used that lie to withhold assistance to Ireland.


In 1857 society was set agog by the marriage of Baron Lionel's eldest daughter, Leonora, with her cousin Alphonse, the eldest son of Baron James de Rothschild, and now the head of the Paris house. 

It is needless to say that the wedding was one of the most magnificent of the season, and was attended by the most distinguished and noble members of all ranks of fashion and society. At the banquet after the marriage ceremony, Count Per- signy, the French Ambassador, proposed the health of the bride and the bridegroom.  

He was followed by Mr Disraeli, whose duty it was to propose the health of the bride's parents.  His speech on this happy occasion is said to have been one of the best social addresses he ever delivered, which is not strange, for he is known to have been for many years one of the most intimate friends of the family, and of Baron Lionel in particular.  

In the course of his speech he made a remark worth reproducing:—

“Under this roof are the heads of the name and family of Rothschild—a name famous in every capital in Europe and every division of the globe—a family not more regarded for its riches than esteemed for its honour, virtues, integrity, and public spirit.”




NEVER EVER FORGET !


The R media says – “ The Battle of Balaclava saw the Allies suffer 615 killed, wounded, and captured, while the Russians lost 627 ( BULLSHIT – Russians  lost less than 20 ). 

Prior to the charge, the Light Brigade possessed a mounted strength of 673 men. This was reduced to 195 after the battle, with 247 killed and wounded and the loss of 475 horses.”


Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 1, 2015 at 4:59 PM

EPILOGUE : ( the post on the Irish Catholics / Light brigade was getting too long - with comments column frozen - so this new subject will be a NEW post later )

A WHIFF ?

FOR THIS IS THE GREATEST BOMB BURST IN 500 YEARS ON THE RICHTER SCALE !!

JEWS CREATED PROTESTANT RELIGION USING THEIR SPONSOR KING HENRY VIII WHOM THEY FINANCED IN SECRET .

GERMAN MARTIN LUTHER WHO IS MADE OUT TO BE A GREAT ANTI-SEMIITE , BY ROTHSCHILD MEDIA AND PEERS , WAS A CRYPTO JEW .

THE CATHOLIC IRISH SUFFERED FOR GIVING SHELTER TO THE SHIPWRECKED CATHOLIC SURVIVORS OF THE SPANISH ARMADA – HISTORY IS A BIG LIE.

PICTURE BAAAKI HAI DOST !

HOW CHRISTIANS BOTH CATHOLICS AND WEDGED OUT PROTESTANTS WERE BOTH DRAGGED BY THEIR NOSTRILS AND SOLD IN THE CHINA TOWN WH0REHOUSE BY THE CRAFTY JEWS .

In 1512, the House of Mendes, had TOTAL monopoly of the pepper trade exported by the Calicut king ( my hometown ) recently encountered India, enabled it to open a branch office in Antwerp.

In 1498 Vasco Da Gama had landed in my hometown Calicut " discovering " India.

Crypto Jewess widow Dona Gracia Mendes, ( Senyora Beatrice de La Luna Nassi),was a great heroine for the crypto Jews Marranos,

Both posts below were getting too long— so this will be a new post.

Revelations now jump to 4.05% SUCH IS THE EARTH SHAKING VALUE OF THIS REVELATION .

BUT FOR THE INTERNET , YOU WOULD HAVE NEVER EVER KNOWN THIS-- IT TAKES A CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL TO REVEAL THIS .

THE BROTHER -IN-LAW OF THE SEYNORA DIOGO MENDES FINANCED SEXUAL PERVERT KING HENRY VIII AND CAUSED HIM TO WEDGE OUT PROTESTANTS FROM CATHOLIC CHRISTIANITY.

In 1532, Henry VIII intervened personally on crypto Jew Diogo’s behalf when Charles V arrested him in Antwerp on charges of subversive Judaism. .

NOW LIKE HOW WHEN REVEALED THAT YAZIDIS WERE HINDUS WORSHIPPERS OF LORD MURUGAN ( SON OF LORD SHIVA ) --

NOW , MARK MY WORDS , ALL ON THE INTERNET AND MAIN STREAM MEDIA-- ALL ARE GONNA USURP IT- AND CLAIM IT AS THEIR OWN REVELATION -- TRIPLE SRI EVEN RAN TO MEET THE YAZIDIS .

TEE HEEEEE !
,
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/02/the-charge-of-light-brigade-exhuming.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/mary-mary-quite-contrary-bloody-mary.html

King Henry VIII died in 1547 and spent his last few days in bed, too weak to even to lift move his fingers. His sick room was filled with a nauseating, terrible stench .

Legend has it that sometime during the night the coffin burst open and when the sentries found him, dogs were licking his gangrene laden remains.

A disgusted Frair Peto had once prophesied that "...dogs will lick his bones as they did Ahab's." and this legend appeared to fulfil this prophecy.

His penchant for rampant sex -- terminated his bloodline -- and the English crown passed over to the King of Scotland James VI.

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
BEGONE AL GORE, HOAX OF CARBON DIOXIDE AS A GREENHOUSE GAS CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


AL FUCKING GORE , TAKE YOUR FOUL HYPERBOLE WITH YOU , WHEREVER YOU CAME FROM,  WE DON’T NEED IT IN INDIA -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Below: LIAR AL GORE CAUGHT WITH HIS PANTS DOWN !  check out 3.45 , he made 100 million dollars out of his lies .


READERS MUST CONTINUE MAKING COMMENTS IN THE PREVIOUS POST ( FRESH WATER GENERATOR )  LEST COMMENTS BUILD UP IN THIS POST--   THIS POST IS LONG , AND I AM BUSY FOR A FEW DAYS.



An unusually potent storm system lashed India over the weekend, bringing copious rain across a large swathe of the country, from Kashmir to Kerala, in what Indian  Met officials described as a rare occurrence for this time of the year.    

A day before that people in Kerala saw strange balls of light.

Wheat, onion, grapes , course grain crops etc were badly hit.

GLOBAL WARMING AND EXCESSIVE EARTHQUAKES since the past years  is mainly due to Tesla technology misused for American HAARP.    

HAARP is being used to created El Ninos ..
  
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/playing-though-blizzard-at-cornell-capt.html

For example, in 1998, during a period following an extreme El Nino, India suffered one of its most severe droughts and monsoonal delays on record.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/el-nino-and-la-nina-mariners-overview.html



Now how do I qualify to call AL GORE,   as AL FUCKIN'  GORE ?

Because Capt Ajit Vadkayil has done MORE than  one  million Al Gores’ to combat global warming in practice—

by DEEDS – not WORDS !



I fact if you understand what I say below you will know that Capt Ajit Vadakayil is right on TOP when making things happens to combat global warming.

All liquid petroleum cargoes and chemical cargoes are moved on sea , on ships.

We have cargo tanks equipped with a PRESSURE/ VACUUM VALVE.

When pressures inside the tank rises to the action of heat of sun on volatile cargoes, the pressure side FARTS just like the human asshole.

Now this PV valve have been monopolized by a Scandinavian manufacturer .  The President of this  industry is also a big man in the UN arm of shipping called IMO.

So here is my DIRECT correspondence with him  – asking him to rectify a grievous mistake which causes OCEAN LOSSES of volatile liquid cargo at sea, which spoils the health of humans and the environment. 

Ship Captains are treated like dirt by such big cats but Capt Ajit Vadakayil knows more than all of them combined together –  so they stoop nay deign to correspond with me.

My correspondence is copied to a lot of parties - owners/ charterers / tech managers etc

It has also gone behind their royal backsides to higher up Govt authorities like the US Coast Guard, Port State Controls of western memorandums, big shots in OCIMF , Oil major vetting houses, CDI , Classification societies ( like Lloyds,  DNV, ABS . NK )  etc.

Nobody understood or even cared.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/naive-sailor-magnetised-pv-valves-capt.html

Mind you,  thousands of ship  sail on the sea every day at any time -- from Ultra large crude tankers  ( carrying 400 000 tonnes crude oil ) to small product tankers ( carrying refined products like petrol/ naphtha / kerosene etc ) to Chemical tankers ( carrying benzene/ every sort of chemical ).

The whole thing boiled down to me telling them –

LISTEN YOU CHOOTS  , LET THE PV VALVE FART – BUT IT MUST STOP FARTING WHEN THE PRESSURE IS RELEASED .

This PV valve operated on magnets. There is a moving cone and a stationary seat both having magnets.

PRINCIPLE:  When the magnets get separated, the magnetic attraction between them gets reduced by a SQUARE  of the distance as per the laws of magnetism—as proved by CHARLES AUGUSTIN DE COULOMB.

Nothing happened .

So I put the correspondence as a BLOG POST whose link is above.

A PV valve manufacturer owner/ boss from Scandinavia read and understood what I said –and he created a PV valve rectifying the grave mistake I pointed out.

#########################################

XXX- XXvent hk@ XXXvent.com
Jan 15 (6 days ago)

to me
Dear Captain,

Noting your concerns for emissions and associated health problems, please have a look at the enclosed brochure for our novel dual nozzle valves. These operate during voyage with modulating characteristics and only provide full capacity/w blow down when and if pressure keeps rising.

You will also find that 316 encapsulated magnets are used to eliminate the other issues you have addressed.

Our company is “new” but employs a number of people with experience from the “monopoly” manufacturer you refer to. We believe that the issues are solved and our dual nozzle valves are now in service on 100+ tankers, predominantly chemical carriers owned by the more demanding companies.

Please read the enclosed brochure and let us have your thoughts and comments.

Yours truly,
XXX

cid:image001.gif@01CEE60B.B9F54210

Phone: +45 XXX
Mobile: +45 XXXX
E-mail:XXXvent.com

XXX
Denmark

###############
Ajit Vadakayil XXXXXX.com
Jan 15 (6 days ago)

to XX

hi XXXX,

punch into google search-

THE NAIVE SAILOR MAGNETISED PV VALVES VADAKAYIL .

i hope you are referring to the content in the blog post.

if so -- and if you have solved the problem i highlighted - GOD BLESS YOU !

in my blog site there are a series of NAIVE SAILOR posts --

over 30 years of command i have got sick and tired of "waking up the powers to be , who pretend to sleep " --or are just plain ignorant and do NOT have the perception/ experience .

if you can cause those problems to be solved too -- by referring it to your other marine colleagues , you will be doing all the sailors at sea a good service.

i have stopped sailing for more than a year --

and after 4 decades at sea ( 30 years on command ) i consider myself lucky to be alive - and in one piece.

i believe we should NOT run ships on luck.

thanks

capt ajit vadakayil

######################

.

XXX - XXXvent
Jan 15 (6 days ago)

to me
Dear Captain,

Thank you for your e-mail. That section is precisely what caused us to contact you.

We also enclose our full product brochure so that you may gain a thorough understanding of how we have addressed the issue of low hanging cargo vapour from valves with a huge blow-down.

We have faced stiff opposition from the household name of magnet valves ( XXXX-Vac) and are being sued and pushed around.

However, numerous owners are going our way and we are pleased to let you know that chemical carrier giants JO and STOLT are now using our dual nozzle valves.

Best regards,
XXX

#######################################


NON TECHNICAL LAND LUBBER BRAINS HAVE NO IDEA HOW GARGANTUAN THIS SMALL CORRESPONDENCE IS  .

SHIP WERE OFFICIALLY ALLOWED A PERCENTAGE OF OCEAN LOSS – SUCH WAS THE STUPIDITY— WHEN YOU DO NOT NEED TO HAVE OCEAN LOSS AT ALL .

YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT DEADLY CHEMICALS WE CARRY AT SEA , WHICH CAUSE GLOBAL WARMING AND CANCER.

MTBE I TALK ABOUT IS METYL TERT BUTY ETHER IN MY EMAIL  – A HIGHLY VOLATILE CHEMICAL USED IN MAKING PETROL .


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methyl_tert-butyl_ether


WE WERE AT CHILE ANCHORAGE FOR 3 WEEKS .   WITHOUT THE SHIP  BUCKING ROUND IN ROUGH SEAS , THE TANKS WERE FARTING MTBE GAS DURING DAYTIME DUE TO SUNs HEAT  .

THIS CHEMICAL CAUSES CANCER .

THIS CHEMICAL CAUSES GLOBAL WARMING  .

Petroleum fractions and molecular composition of Alkanes present:
Gas/ C1 to C4
C5 to C7/ Petrol Ether
C5 to C9/ Motor Spirit
C9 to C10/ Naphtha
C10 to C16/ Kerosene/ Jet fuel
C10 to C18/ Diesel Oil
C17 to C30/ Heavy furnace Oil
C15 to C50/ Lub Oil

Almost all Chemicals we carry are organic having C in the formula ( Carbon )
Say-

Alkanes/ Mol formula: Cn H2n+2   saturated HC containing single bond.
Ex: all ending in ane  --Pentane, Butane, Hexane
Ch4/ Methane
C2h6/ Ethane
C3h8/ Propane
C4h10/ Butane
C5h12/ Pentane
C6h14/ Hexane

Alkenes/  Mol formula Cn H2n    unsaturated HC containing double bond - Alkenes ( CN H2N )

Alkynes/ MF: Cn H2n–2    unsaturated HC containing tripe bond.

Cyclic Aliphatic/ all starting with Cyclo and ending with ane/ ene

Number of carbon atoms in HC:
1/ Meth
2/ Eth
3/ Prop
4/ But
5/ Pent
6/Hex
7/Hept
8/Oct



ALL ABOVE IS GREEK FOR AL FUCKIN' GORE AND HIS GLOBAL WARMING CHOOTS .


LISTEN UP FOLKS –

WHAT YOU READ BELOW IS THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION  .

THE WHOLE WORLD HAS BEEN BEATING THEIR HEADS OF BERMUDA TRIANGLE MYSTERY.

THIS BLOGSITE HAS EXPLAINED THIS PHENOMENON 5 YEARS AGO.

I HAVE MENTIONED THAT THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE MYSTERY IS DUE TO SUDDEN CARBON DIOXIDE RELEASE FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/global-warming-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

CARBON DIOXIDE CAUSES ICE AGES TO END .

THIS MEANS CARBON DIOXIDE RELEASE PRECEDES THE GLOBAL WARMING —UNDERSTAND THE CHICKEN AND FUCKIN’ EGG SITUATION HERE.

OUR MENSA SCIENTIST BRAINS CANNOT UNDERSTAND ALL THIS — 

THESE SCIENTIST CHOOTS TRIP BETWEEN CAUSE AND EFFECT EVERY SINGLE TIME – ALL THE TIME..




Lord Vishnu came as Varaha avatar and he fixed the planet earth in a way that CHANGE IS THE ONLY CONSTANT.

He tilted the earth’s axis to give us the 4 seasons in a year.

Lord Vishnu caused PRECESSION of the earth ( Vishnu Nabhi lotus on tender stalk ) every 25765 years so that even the INANIMATE objects goes through change .   



Ice ages are essential for the cosmos to survive.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/vishnu-avatar-varaha-boar-fixing-planet.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html

The Hindu symbol of Swastika represents this precession .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/polaris-and-great-bear-capt-ajit.html



ROTHSCHILD STOOGE AL FUCKIN’ GORE MUST KNOW THAT --

GLOBAL WARMING CAUSES CARBON DIOXIDE RISE- NOT VICE VERSA  . 

THIS IS THE WAY GOD MEANT IT TO BE .   

PLANTS BREATHE OUT CARBON DI OXIDE AT NIGHT  .



Historically, a rise in CO2 concentrations did not precede a rise in temperatures, but actually lagged temperature by 300 to 800 years.  

The temperature drives the CO2, not vice versa.  




The tears in the eyes did NOT precede the kick on the balls. 



Serbian geophysicist Milutin Milanković  said--  “ Changes in the orbit of the Earth around the sun are influencing the incoming radiation and this is the pacemaker for glacial-interglacials”

The PRECESSION represented by Vishnu Nabhi ensures CHANGE in inamimate objects too.  Our axis of rotation wobbles like a top, tracing a clockwise circle around true north. Called axial precession, it takes about 25,765 years to complete the full circle.

Precession occurs,  because the sun and moon exert a gravitational pull on the earth’s equatorial bulge. Vishnu avatar Varaha has done the placing well.

Fluctuations in the amount of incoming solar radiation is the cause of large-scale changes in Earth's climate during the Quaternary.



Variations in the intensity and timing of heat from the sun are the cause of the glacial/interglacial cycles. Throughout the Quaternary period, high latitude winters have been cold enough to allow snow to accumulate. 

It is when the summers are cold, (i.e., summers that occur when the sun is at its farthest point in Earth's orbit), that the snows of previous winters do not melt completely. When this process continues for centuries, ice sheets begin to form. 

Finally, the shape of Earth's orbit also changes. At one extreme, the orbit is more circular, so that each season receives about the same amount of incoming solar radiation. At the other extreme, the orbital ellipse is stretched longer, exaggerating the differences between seasons. 

The eccentricity of Earth's orbit also proceeds through a long cycle, which takes 100,000 years. Major glacial events in the Quaternary have coincided when the phases of axial tilt, precession of equinoxes and eccentricity of orbit are all lined up to give the northern hemisphere the least amount of summer solar radiation.



Al Gore is on course to be the “world’s first carbon billionaire” thanks to his investments in green companies . . . all of which benefit from tax dollars and government loans to “prevent global warming.”

Al fuckin’ Gore is the kingpin of crony environmentalism-  he does NOT even know that Carbob Dioxide is a heavy gas..

 


Check out item no  441 in the post below-   A brand new ship where they have fitted the Carbon dioxide exhaust ( of the Co2 bottle bank room  ) on the top of the compartment. .  More than 12 sister ships were already sailing for several years manned by white captains.  A most dangerous mistake .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/naive-sailor-ship-construction-capt.html

After accepting $1.25 million in campaign contributions, US President Obama- nay – BAAAAAAAA , the langot yaar of our PM Modi ,  made sure to include his “global warming” plans in his victory speech:  “We want our children to live in an America that isn’t threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.” 

How, Al Gore would like to stop Global Warming is by imposing a carbon tax upon every single man, woman and child in the world.  He wants India to mothball our enormous reserves of coal, and buy his GREEN ENERGY .  

According to Wikipedia a carbon tax is an environmental tax on emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.   It is an example of a pollution tax. 

Al fuckin’ Gore has seen his personal wealth increase by more than 100 million dollars since he began pushing his FOUL global warming hysteria.









In 2007, Rajendra Pachari held aloft the Nobel jointly awarded to the IPCC under his chairmanship, and to former US vice president-turned climate campaigner Al Gore.  

But three years later, Mr Pachauri was mired in controversy when errors were found in the IPCC's Fourth Assessment Report.   

He screwed it up totally by making a stupid claim that Himalayan glaciers could be lost by 2035 --  taken from a Rothschild’s media article instead of a scientific study.

2010 novel "Return to Almora". The offering is laced with HARDCORE SEXUAL references to the sexual urges of protagonist Sanjay Nath.

http://www.outlookindia.com/blogs/post/Spotlight-On-RK-Pachauris-Steamy-Literary-Past/3493/12



INDIA GIVES A DAMN FOR THESE THREE NOBEL PRIZE WINNERS.     

WE ALSO CARE A FUCK FOR 65 DESH DROHI PARSIS WHO WERE KNIGHTED BY ROTHSCHILD BEFORE INDEPENDENCE IN 1947 




Carbon dioxide absorbs infrared radiation (IR) in only three narrow bands of frequencies, which correspond to wavelengths of 2.7, 4.3 and 15 micrometers (µm), respectively.  The percentage absorption of all three lines combined can be very generously estimated at about 8% of the whole IR spectrum, which means that 92% of the “heat” passes right through without being absorbed by CO2.


The Earth temperature-sunspot chart over more than 100 years, showing that increased solar activity is the cause of global warming – not carbon dioxide.


The average human exhales about 2.3 pounds of carbon dioxide on an average day, combined with everyone on the planet, we contribute around 8 or 9 percent of human carbon dioxide production. Hey, Al fuckin’ Gore, can we breathe ?


Al fuckin’ Gore came to India a few days ago and he has been using Indian children to LIE on his behalf.  

With a preacher's zeal, Al fuckin' Gore struck terror and trauma into the hearts and minds young Indian children .  

Why has APCO branded PM Modi allowed this? 




In 2005 when we had flood in Mumbai, a hijra ( transgender ) panicked seeing a wave of water approaching and cried TSUNAMI TSUNAMI BHAAAGO !

The police put her in jail for spreading false fear and rumour mongering.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil says this hijra nailed it.  

She or he was SPOT ON.  

100% of the time loss of life is due to clandestine opening of dam sluice valves to release excess water without giving adequate warning down stream. The initial surge comes like a tsunami  ( soliton wave ) 


Al fuckin’ Gore addressed some 500 young Indian trainees being inducted into his Climate Reality Leadership Corps.   It was the 27th of such global sessions under Gore's tutelage. Attendees sat through Gore's signature LYING slideshow .  

There are opportunities including scholarships to Ivy league Rothschild Opium founded US universities to be wrangled , if you sell Bharatmata into the Zionist whorehouse.

WHEN BRICS COMES TO POWER AL GORE WILL BE TRIED FOR CULTURAL TERRORISM—  HE IS MORE DANGEROUS THAN A WAR CRIMINAL.



Al fuckin’ Gore gave bull . He is NOT even a technical man.  He lied- the atmosphere is like "varnish" on the globe of the Earth, it's so thin.    And with humankind pouring 110-million tons of pollution into that layer every day,  it doesn't take very long to change the chemical composition of the atmosphere and to build up the heat-trapping gasses, principally carbon dioxide.

Oh Yeah ?

Citing 2014 as India hottest on record, WHICH IS PURE BULLSHIT  Al fuckin’ Gore explains that warmer air holds more water vapor, which in turn helps create ever bigger storms.  All over India downpours, on average, are larger, he says, and floods and landslides more frequent.

LIAR Al fuckin’ Gore  narrates a video made about the flood that killed 5,700 people in the Indian state of Uttarakhand in 2013.


In the video, a man describes being stuck in a bus in the dead of the night. "A lady came rapping on all the windows," he says. "When she knocked, we woke up, and then she screamed, 'Run, run, run!' And we leapt up and ran. And everything, all our possessions, all our money, all of it, is gone, finished." 

TEE HEEEEE !


ALL BECAUSE OF AL fuckin’ GOREs GLOBAL WARMING ?


Earth's current atmospheric CO2 concentration is almost 390 parts per million (ppm).  Adding another 300 ppm of CO2 to the air has been shown by literally thousands of experiments to greatly increase the growth or biomass production of nearly all plants.  

This growth stimulation occurs because CO2 is one of the two raw materials (the other being water) that are required for photosynthesis.  Hence, CO2 is actually the "food" that sustains essentially all plants on the face of the earth, as well as those in the sea.  And the more CO2 they "eat" (absorb from the air or water), the bigger and better they grow.

More CO2 means:__
More Plant Growth
Plants need less water
More food per acre
More robust habitats and ecosystems
CO2 is Earth's greatest airborne fertilizer.  Without it - No Life On Earth!

Humans produce a MINISCULE  fraction of the CO2 in the atmosphere and this is massively exceeded by volcanoes, animals, bacteria, dying vegetation such as falling leaves. The biggest source of carbon dioxide is from the ocean floor, which nature decides when to release.



The “Greenhouse Effect” is a natural and valuable phenomenon, without which, the planet would be uninhabitable.



When the LYING Zionists got caught with their pants down they have changed the meme GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE. 

Even when this was debunked Al fuckin’ Gore has come skippety skip to India to tell us how coal fired energy plants are reducing our life by 3.1 years .   He cried copious tears for the health of brown coolie Indians.

He is our male version of Mother Teresa –he wants to save us come hell , come high water.   All Zionists act in unison and none can be trusted.   (APCO darling Modi trusts them ).  

Truth is not a concern of the Jew, they just change the lie when caught  with their pants down.

Hey, Al Gore don’t forget to bring your marsh mellows next time.  

Hey , but we wont allow him into India again.  And we will NOT mothball our enormous reserves of coal . We will continue burning coal for generating energy  .

So Al fuckin' Gore paaji, toast them marshmellows to a nice varnish veneer ( like your global warming varnish ) shove your FOUL theories along with them hot toasted marsh mellows.



We are gonna fit all our coal powered energy plants with furnace exhaust chimney scrubbers . In India we have THERMAL coal in abundance. There is NO need to burn COKING coal.

Coal often contains sulfur.  When burned, the sulfur in coal turns into sulfur dioxide. When sulfur dioxide mixes with moisture in clouds, it creates acid rain  .   Scrubbers help to remove most of the sulfur oxides from the smoke stack exhaust of a power plant.

The smoke from the burning coal first goes through a particulate filter to remove soot and ash.  Then it enters a scrubber. In the scrubber, there is a water spray that produces a cloud of fine water droplets.


The water is mixed with crushed limestone, which reacts with the sulfur and pulls it out of the exhaust. There is a byproduct . The calcium in the limestone plus the sulfur form gypsum (CaSO4-2H2O).  

It can be used as fertilizer,soil conditioner,  blocks like concrete , black board chalk, finishing putty for walls, casting moulds, dietary calcium tofu, to remove pollutants like lead/ arsenic from contaminated waters etc.

Lying Al Gore had to switch horses in the middle of their scam and change the title from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE to UNHEALTHY CARBON SOOT  - a ridiculous meme.



Why ridiculous – because only 3.62% of the total global warming gases are CO2, and of that only 3.4% are man made.   Man made CO2 is a micro miniscule 0.117%

CO2 is not causal, it merely reflects the trend, as the oceans warm, CO2 comes out of the ocean sink solution and increases in the atmosphere.  



Al fuckin’ Gore ” See, your body temperature has increased , as per this thermometer ,  and because of this , you are now suffering from the flu” .  

Did it ever occur to this Rothschild stooge ,  that it could be vice versa ?



Not all are rogues. Some of just pricks of the first order  . The stupid Rothschild stooges continuously project bullshit trends . They do NOT have the mental acuity to think in spirals or even cycles —they think linear . When ancient Indians represented TIME in golden spiral YUGAS these pricks ridiculed us.



Ocean acidification is said to be caused when excess atmospheric carbon dioxide is absorbed by the sea, reducing its pH levels to make it more acidic. ( SIC ).

Ocean acidification is just another scientific fraud to rank with the great “man-made-global warming” scare.

Solid data had been ignored, in favour of computer modelled projections.   There has been NO reduction in oceanic pH levels in the last century.

The LYING CHOOT scientists use hydrochloric acid in laboratory tanks to test the effects of carbon dioxide on ocean biology due to increased acidity.  

CO2 is in equilibrium with carbonate, which improves marine growth and shell production, while HCl destroys the ability to metabolize carbonate.

I am a chemical ship captain who have commanded ships carry every type of acid.   

I know.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/ph-chemical-tankers-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Shells of Mollusca creatures are not just calcium carbonate; they are living tissues with complexity, just like teeth.  That complexity is used to cope with pH changes among other adversities.

Real science shows that shelled sea creatures benefit from increased CO2.

Below: What do you call a EVIL man who USES children to make money ?




KUCH BHI CHALEGA – CARBON TAX SE DOLLAR VASOOL KARNA HAI BHAIIYA .  

Anything to stop India from burning coal.   Anything to stop India and China overtaking USA as woorld’s No 1 superpower.




IF NOT GLOBAL WARMING WITH CO2--    

THEN SEA SHELLS GETTING THINNER AND MARINE LIFE DYING DUE TO ACIDIFICATION OF OCEANS -   

IF NOT THAT THEN CLIMATE CHANGE AND HURRICANES/ FLOODS / DROUGHTS  -    


IF NOT THAT THEN A HOLE IN THE OZONE LAYER –   


IF NOT THAT THEN  ALLERGY TO HUMAN LUNGS -




Al fucki’Gore and his Carbon dioxide propagandists have a FOUL LYING campaign going for an "acid in the ocean" alternative to the greenhouse gas scare.  

The acid fraud says that humans are putting more carbon dioxide into the oceans (through the atmosphere), and the CO2 converts to acid in the oceans, while corals are supposedly sensitive to acid and cannot produce their calcium shells in such an environment.

Unlike Al fuckin’ Gore Capt Ajit Vadakayil has seen every corner of this planets ocean system. I know better, having seen it . 

I do NOT need computer models.

The most significant fact about the acid fraud is that there has never been real damage to corals found as a result of increased acidity of the oceans. The damage to coral reefs which has been occurring is caused by pollution , heat, disease, etc., but not by acidity of the ocean water caused by Carbon dioxide .

Oceans have such a huge potential to neutralize acid that no significant pH change is occurring. And all biological cells have evolved the ability to cope with pH changes. The propaganda is a mindless argument over the chemistry of calcium without a trace of real biology or truth of evolution.

Part of the carbon which enters the oceans is converted into neutral cell mass; and this is one of the reasons why there is no acid problem. Biology converts CO2 into neutral cell mass.   Physiology totally controls pH within cells. 

This means that the pH of ocean water has no relationship to the pH within the cells, where calcium carbonate shells are created.  For the frauds to claim that a small fraction of a pH change in the ocean cannot be handled by corals and shells is a contrivance in conflict with biological principles.

Rothschild’s propagandists claim carbon dioxide is an acid, and acid destroys carbonate in the ocean, while corals require carbonate. But CO2 isn't just an acid; it is in equilibrium with carbonate. This means more CO2 entering the oceans results in more carbonate, not less.

There are two scientific frauds involved. One is to view CO2 only as an acid, as if it were equivalent to hydrochloric acid, while ignoring its equilibrium with carbonate. The other fraud is to ignore the huge buffering capacity of the oceans, which results in no detectable acidity from CO2 entering the oceans. . 

Near the surface of the oceans, increased photosynthesis creates alkalinity rather than acidity. There is in fact a shortage of acid near the surface for the promotion of photosynthesis. The decay which creates acidity occurs 1-2 kilometers down, which is way below the level of coral reefs.

When oceans can hold no more CO2, they leave some in the atmosphere. As their temperatures increase, oceans release more CO2. 

Oceans constantly increase in temperature between ice ages causing a constant increase in CO2 in the atmosphere.

Calcium carbonate is a strong buffer at pH 8.1. At that pH, water strongly absorbs CO2, which is an acid being absorbed by an alkali. 

Oceans are alkaline at pH 8.1. This means there are less than one tenth as many hydrogen ions in the oceans as in neutral water. Oceans would need to be ten times as acidic to be neutral



Oceans are alkaline, and due to large limestone sea beds, are incapable of becoming acidic- AN ACT OF GOD.

Below video - Prakash Javedekar -- we will NOT allow this CHITPAVAN man to sell Bharatmata in the Zionist whorehouse at Paris.



At Lima summit the delegates were deliberately made tired and exhausted into concluding a deal . 

They even turned up the AC temperature to made the delegates wrap up fast . 

Under the Lima deal, governments will submit national plans for reining in greenhouse gas emissions by an informal deadline of March 31st 2015 to form the basis of a global agreement due at a summit in Paris in a year’s time.

Climate alarmists at Lima proposed to limit the amount of CO2 that each person emits as a way to abruptly curb how much CO2 each nation is allowed to release into the atmosphere. All this when man made CO2 has NOTHING to do with global warming.

The Lima text lays out a vast range of options for the Paris accord, including the possibility of aiming for zero net global emissions by 2100 or earlier in a drastic shift from fossil fuels towards renewable energies such as wind and solar power.  

What type of power can you extract out of wind turbine and solar power ? You expect poor nations to run their industries with this. And of course millionaire Al Gore will be selling these green options . 

Al Gore says—the more you buy solar panels and wind turbine fans—the more cheaper they will become in due course.

Hold it !

BRRRAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !

US secretary of state and Bilderberger John Kerry appealed to the countries at Lima UN climate talks to jointly share the burden of combating climate change and draft their energy policies around renewable sources.

The notion that the colder air above can radiate energy back to heat the warmer air below violates the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics. 

Heat flows spontaneously from a higher to a lower temperature, never the reverse, and that too downwards. 

At G20 summits poor nations are arm twisted to donate to the GREEN FUND managed by Rothschilds IMF and World bank. If you follow the money trail you will know what this gargantuan HOAX is all about .

Delegates from around the globe reached a climate change agreement , that would, for the first time in history, commit every nation to reducing its rate of greenhouse gas emission

In a SUSPICIOUS deal with the United States last month, China agreed to cap its emissions by around 2030.

Not many people know that the emissions like SO2 from coal plants in China travels across the vast pacific in just 3 days and rains on California with acid.

Rothschild stooge, John Kerry urged big greenhouse gas emitters to follow the examples of China and the US, saying the two "leaders of opposing camps" in the climate talks have come to an agreement, which should send a message to other countries that the "roadblocks" to a Paris 2015 agreement can be removed.

Oh yes ,we just talked about China , California, and a balloon –and a under the table deal .
In the 2009 Copenhagen meeting USA took poor nations for granted.

At the heart of the dispute was the SLIMY AND SECRETIVE removal of any reference in the draft decision to the concept of "differentiated responsibilities" of developing and developed nations that has been in the convention since 1992.

This removal of the concept of differentiation was tantamount to "annihilation" of the UN convention—when we live in a world of deep inequalities. Only a handful of nations can be nuclear, right Differentiation is not a reference belonging to the past.

The Zionists control the money , fuel and the food . Now they want to control the air wand water.

The Final Lima Draft has paved the way for a Paris Agreement to be arrived next year on the basis of principles of equity and differentiated responsibility.

Developed countries led by USA want the pledges to focus on emissions cuts, while developing nations under India ( till Israel darlings and APCO branded politicians started ruling )  want to see commitments of financial support.

In contrast to the Kyoto Protocol, the Lima deal opens the way for a new climate agreement in 2015 which will remove LEGAL AND ARM TWISTING obligations for governments to cap or reduce CO2 emissions.

A voluntary agreement would also remove the mad rush into unrealistic decarbonisation policies that are both economically and politically unsustainable— so that Zionists must now wait before they can sing all the way to the bank .

Reducing man-made CO2 emissions will NOT save the planet .


The Lima deal is to be finalized and approved at the 21st COP in Paris in 2015.

Carbon dioxide is NOT a pollutant. This must be spelt out by India at Paris next year .

UPAs Jairam Ramesh had declared that he was prepared to take on the doomsday scenarios of Al Gore and Pachauri , both scamsters of the first order .

WE THE PEOPLE OF INDIA WILL WATCH EVERY INCH OUR ROTHSCHILD DARLING INDIAN PM MODI  MOVES.



CO2 is a naturally occurring trace gas essential to life on earth. Reducing CO2 emission doesn’t fix holes in the ozone layer.

To accuse one of being unconcerned about the environment simply because they reject the Rothschild sponsored pseudo-science is not only illogical – it’s patently absurd.

A cleaner environment can be accomplished through technology, not command and control regulations.

Saddling our economy with UN mandates and new layers of federal bureaucracy will only make poor countries poorer and push them into the vice grip of IMF / World bank - it will not solve the alleged climate crisis

INDIA WILL NOT BE PUSHED AROUND ANY MORE !





Below: Rothschild watches every congressman on camera -- play ball -- support Israel -- get up and clap--- or it could be the end of your political career.  These are the FRIGHTENED and COMPROMISED people deciding the future of this planet . Can you imagine Iranian parliament behaving this way ? 



Arrogant LYING bully Benjamin Netanyahu gave a similar speck in 2002 about Iraq and WMD— this speech is ditto--just replace Iraq with Iran.  

The best part is that he pauses for applause , and his vulgar Jew Congress cheerleaders know when to stand up and clap, causing a pathetic domino effect.

Below:  Israel has over 400 illegal nukes. Iran has ZERO



Below: This is what the US Congressman did on 21st Jan 2015-- they are all so mortally scared of Rothschild.  

The U.S. Senate on Wednesday voted 98-1 to approve a resolution stating that “it is the sense of the Senate that climate change is real and not a hoax.” 

Then, about 15 minutes later, the Senate rejected a second resolution that said climate change is real and caused by humans... Anything to put the world in fog.



Below: The ocean acidification LIE is so foul-- I wanted to allocate a full post -- I have decided I will put it in the same post--  this blog post should form a part of NCERT school books.  

Chemical tanker man Capt Ajit Vadakayil knows more on this ocean subject than US congress senators combined - along with their Rothschild payroll scientist chamchas with an Al fuckin' Gore thrown in for good measure .



Hey, Al fuckin’ Gore — why do you do MINDLESS experiments on coral and shells with super strong INORGANIC ACID like HCl or Hydrochloric acid— which is used as descaling agents to remove limescale deposits?

Ever heard of weak ORGANIC Carbonic acid  ( H2 CO3 ) –produced by the action of Carbon Dioxide on water ( carbonated water or plain soda )?

Why do you use school children to push your lying Zionist propaganda ?.



According to Al fuckin’ Gore -   WET ROADS CAUSE RAIN. 

Hey, you  choot -  wet roads come after rain and thus cannot cause it.

Same way Carbon Dioxide comes out of warming   - Carbon Dioxide does NOT cause warming.


The reason for the lag is related to the time for the vast deep oceans to change temperature and thus expel or absorb their carbon dioxide. 

When carbon dioxide dissolves in water it exists in chemical equilibrium producing carbonic acid
CO2 + H2O = H2CO3

This acid is just too weak.   Carbonic acid is the only acid excreted as gas from the human lungs.
Alkalinity is a measure of the capacity of water or any solution to neutralize or “buffer” acids.  

Alkalinity is important to aquatic organisms because it protects them against rapid changes in pH.   
Alkalinity should not be confused with pH. The reason alkalinity is sometime confused with pH is because the term alkaline is used to describe pH conditions greater than 7.



The pH scale is from zero to 14.

Neutral fresh water pH is zero . In pure water which is neutral, the conc of Hydrogen ion is 10 raised to -7 equivalent/litre which corresponds to pH of 7.

Zero pH is an acid of highest strength like Hydrochloric acid . pH 14 is a base of highest strength like Caustic .

pH is a measure of hydrogen ion concentration in that solution. A small change in pH represents a large change in hydrogen ion concentration.

As the conc of H+ ions increase by 10 times, the value of pH decreases by one unit and vice versa. This is because the pH scale is logarithmic. This means each change of one in pH value is 10 times more acidic.

So a substance with pH 2 is 1000 times more acidic than one with pH 5. In other words ( better to understand this well ) diluting a strong acid of pH 2 , ten times increase the pH value to pH 3.

Neutral or pure water has an equal conc of H+ ions and OH- ions. When an acid is added the conc of H+ ions become greater than that of OH- ions. Similarly when a base is added the conc of OH- ions increases while that of H+ decreases.

pH changes with temp. It decreases on heating. pH of boiling water is 6.56.

The pH of pure water drops from 7 to 5.5 due to some reaction in water when splashed in air.  Rain pH is 5.6 as CO2 dissolves to form carbonic acid. How do I know all this.  Because on Chemical tankers we spray De-ionised water to clean cargo tanks.   

Al fuckin’ Gore and his scientist chamchas will NOT understand all this .

Basically pH scale measures the amount of H+ and OH-.

A person cannot survive if his blood ph drops to 7 or rises to 7.8. The BUFFERING capacity of blood prevents such swings in pH level.

The process by which H+ or OH- ions are removed so that pH remains constant is known as BUFFER action.

Hullo CKD Gore ( choot ka dhakkan ), kuch samaj mein aaya ?

Nature has provided amazing  insurance policies ( BUFFERS ) to protect oceans against rising acidity.

One source of alkalinity in sea water is calcium carbonate (CaCO3), which is dissolved in water flowing / in contact through geology that has limestone.

Alkalinity can increase the pH (make water more basic), when the alkalinity comes from a mineral source such as calcium carbonate (CaCO3).     When CaCO3 dissolves in water, the carbonate can react with water to form bicarbonate , which produces hydroxide.

Corals, molluscs and fish rely on abundant calcium carbonate in the water to build their skeletons and shells.   Adding carbon dioxide to sea water increases the availability of carbonate  ions to all marine life. 

Adding hydrochloric acid to sea water like what CKD Gore/  R stooge scientists did causes the destruction of carbonates and the release of carbon dioxide.   People running domestic aquariums know that additional carbon dioxide always benefits life.

God ( not CKD Darwin ) has made a  “buffered system” in oceans that is very resistant to changes and maintains a fairly constant pH.    Increasing CO2 merely causes more Calcium Carbonate solid to form without much change in pH.  Decreasing CO2 dissolves more Calcium Carbonate to restore the balance.

Doubling the current value of 395 ppm CO2 to 790 ppm will reduce the pH by only 0.19



Above : The white cliffs of Dover -- Calcium Carbonate  . 

Digression:  
Once while approaching London I head a BONG officer on VHF -  " Dobber pilot,  Dobber pilot-- this is Indian SUKKA ROTI calling "  - read that as a ship named MV. Indian Security .
The ocean is a powerful BUFFER and storehouse for Carbon dioxide. Nature routinely removes excess carbon compounds from the ocean waters in tonnages so massive that man can only measure and wonder.  

Only when you see the white cliffs of Dover you get to know the magnitude (45% by weight of these thick beds represents carbon dioxide that was extracted from the atmosphere by the ocean.).

Below: Henry's law and pH 
\

Henry’s law describes only the physical equilibrium between the phases and may only be applied to the fraction of the gas that is molecularly dissolved and not chemically bound. 

Henry’s law coefficient depends on the type of the gas and the solvent, the temperature, the total pressure and in the case of salt solutions it also depends on the ionic strength of the solution.  

Henry’s law coefficient of CO2 decreases with increasing temperature. The Henry’s law coefficient also decreases with increasing salinity.

Below: Dissolved CO2 in water and temperature.  When oceans get heated due to global warming CO2 is expelled 



An everyday example of Henry's law is given by carbonated soft drinks. Before the bottle or can of carbonated drink is opened, the gas above the drink is almost pure carbon dioxide at a pressure slightly higher than atmospheric pressure. The drink itself contains dissolved carbon dioxide. 

When the bottle or can is opened, this gas escapes, giving the characteristic hiss. Because the partial pressure of carbon dioxide above the liquid is now much lower, some of the dissolved carbon dioxide comes out of solution as bubbles.

If a glass of the drink is left in the open, the concentration of carbon dioxide in solution will come into equilibrium with the carbon dioxide in the air, and the drink will go "flat".

The solubility of Co2 in water is directly proportional to the partial pressure of the gas above the liquid.  When the temperature of a system changes, the Henry constant will also change.  

At one atmosphere pressure and 25 C about 0.7 liters of carbon dioxide can be dissolved in one liter of water.   So all you have to do to make carbonic acid is to bubble carbon dioxide through water.

It is possible to dissolve a lot more than 0.7 liters of CO2 in water by increasing gas pressure above the water.   As the pressure increases, more and more CO2 is dissolved and  the concentration of carbonic acid increases in tandem.

At one atmosphere pressure, about half the CO2 produced by both natural and human activity is dissolved in the oceans because of Henry’s law.  The oceans gobble up a lot of CO2.

Most of the carbon dioxide produced in modern times by the increased burning of carbon fuels has disappeared.  As man creates it faster, nature is removing it at a faster rate.  The oceans  dump excess carbonates on the sea floor. 

All marine plants remove carbon dioxide from sea water, and aquatic animals get their carbon from plants.  Therefore, to maintain healthy marine life requires a constant supply of carbon dioxide.   

Marine algae /pythoplanktons remain on surface of sea ( they need sunlight ) gulp fantastic amounts carbon di oxide and release oxygen. Mind you, carbon dioxide is heavier than air and they come down to the surface of the sea.

The carbon dioxide content of the ocean generally increases with depth because the deeper water is generally colder and also because plants that use photosynthesis to remove carbondioxide from the water cannot operate this process without sunlight.  

In addition, deep sea animal life continues to exhale carbon dioxide and decaying organic material strips away oxygen and generates more carbon dioxide.


Carbon dioxide is very soluble in sea water.  The carbon dioxide that enters the ocean is first dissolved as a gas, which can bubble out again if the temperature of the water rises.  The dissolved gas is soon converted to H2CO3,  carbonic acid, which then forms bicarbonate and carbonate ions.  

These reactions release  acidic hydrogen ions which is NO big deal.  

It is therefore theoretically true on PAPER that sea water absorbs carbon dioxide and this  process will decrease its alkalinity.   However the acid created in this way has almost NIL ability to change ocean pH.   

Carbonic acid is  such a weak acid that we drink it in soda water. In my home I drink soda by using a CO2 cylinder machine.   

Carbonic acid is easily converted to neutral compounds or used by marine organisms.  Depending on the prevailing pH of the water, this weak acid can react with the abundant calcium bearing compounds being washed into the sea as rocks weather to form calcium carbonate.

This will end up in the shells or skeletons of marine creatures, or precipitate out from the water forming limestone beds on the sea floor. In this way the ocean disposes of excess carbon dioxide.

Despite the large quantity of carbon dioxide stored in the sea, the weak carbonic acid from carbon dioxide is very much a WEE player in the acid/alkaline balance in the oceans.

Warm water expels carbon dioxide and cold water takes it into solution, so daily, seasonal and cyclic changes in ocean temperature have a major effect on the carbon dioxide dissolved in sea water.


Alkalinity is a measurement of the buffering ability of the solution.  Water high in alkalinity will be able maintain its pH despite the addition of acids.  

To say that the miniscule  contribution of humans to carbon dioxide in the  atmosphere will somehow put so much carbon dioxide into the oceans as to alter the blood  chemistry of fishes and threaten their survival is just plain bullsh#t.



The carbonate system is a weak acid-base system which exists in seawater as dissolved carbon dioxide, carbonic acid, bicarbonate and carbonate ions and complexes of these ions. Basically the system is derived from the dissolution of carbon dioxide gas and carbonate minerals into the water.

Fine-grained clays and other reactive sediments eroded from the land and washed into the oceans by rivers also play a major role in buffering the pH of ocean waters.  The system at any time is always tending towards a point of equilibrium where there is no net movement of carbon dioxide between the ocean and the atmosphere.

Almost all life on Earth evolved in eras when there was far more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere than today; it will surely cope with any changes in water temperature or pH caused by man's WEE – nay -  PISSFART, activities.

Below: I learnt this in school 47 years ago  --show how illiterate CKD Al Gore is ..



 The availability of carbon dioxide is the limiting factor for plant growth in water and is often thelimiting factor for land plants.   It is also a myth that acidic water necessarily kills plant and animal life.  Rain water is slightly  acidic, sometimes with a pH as low as 5.5 ( DUE TO CARBONIC ACID )  – far more acidic than the oceans (approx.  pH 8.1).


But once rain water is stores in a  tank, rain water returns to a neutral state of 7.   Fresh water does not have the ability of the vast seas to buffer the acidity that can be caused by carbon dioxide. In fresh and saline swamps and reed beds the water can become quite acidic, but plant and animal life nevertheless flourish there. 

Plant nurseries have long known the benefits of pumping carbon dioxide into the air in their greenhouses. Nurserymen who grow aquatic plants and animals have also found the benefits of water acidified by carbon dioxide. 

The water cycle, the mineral cycle, the carbon cycle and the solar cycle drive everything. The atmospheric gases of life are crucial – oxygen for animals, carbon dioxide for plants, nitrogen for the soil and water for everything. 

Carbon is thus the key element in all farmed food but carbon dioxide is the rarest by far of the atmospheric gases of life, comprising just 0.039% of the atmospheric gases. Most life on earth is limited by this shortage of carbon dioxide. . 

Pastures flourish best after the first summer storms. This is a time when the ocean is expelling carbon dioxide, the sun is providing more warmth. thousands of laboratory and field experiments have conclusively demonstrated that enriching the air with carbon dioxide stimulates the growth and development of nearly all plants.  

They have also revealed that higher-than-normal CO2 concentrations dramatically enhance the efficiency with which plants utilize water, sometimes as much as doubling it in response to a doubling of the air's CO2 content.  

In fact, atmospheric CO2 enrichment can actually mean the difference between life and death for vegetation growing in extremely stressful circumstances. 

Carbon dioxide emissions resulting from the burning of fossil fuels should not be feared; they are something to be celebrated!

Salts and other chemicals in the oceans buffer and dampen the effects of any chemical change. Carbon dioxide is an essential resource for all corals for two reasons.  Firstly, carbon dioxide is essential to creating more carbonates in sea water. 

These carbonates are the building blocks for coral formation and for the calcification of shells of other marine creatures. Secondly, corals exist in a symbiotic relationship with minute plants (algae) which are greatly enriched by increased carbon dioxide in the water. As the algae flourish, so do the corals.

Every child amateur aquarium owner know this and inject carbon dioxide into their tanks. Coral bleaching is usually an indication of stress or death of these plants. Like land pastures, coral pastures are stressed by sudden bouts of high temperature. 

The sudden high temperature itself cause stress, and this is multiplied when the high water temperature drives off the carbon dioxide which is the food of plants.  

Corals may be harmed by runoff from the land such as GM herbicides which damage algae, or pesticides that may harm coral polyps. Excessive amounts of sewerage sludge may even cause a deficiency of oxygen or an excess of harmful bacteria. 

But it is hard to imagine or point to a circumstance where atmospheric carbon dioxide from any source has harmed or could harm corals.

One of the first things we did in school in the science lab was  to put a drop of hydrochloric acid onto a piece of limestone to see it fizz as acid "eats" the limestone dissolving the carbonate and releasing carbon dioxide.  


This is what CKD Al Gore sees in his REM dreams .  This is where he takes out his RIDICULOUS  fear that acid oceans will dissolve the skeletons of corals and the shells of other marine creatures— FATT GAYA USKA BATTOOTTA  .  

CaCO₃ + 2HCl → CaCl₂ + CO₂ + ( CKD KA GORAGAAND ) + H₂O

I think Bush was much smarter than his deputy Al Gore 



POOOFFFFF !   TOBA TOBA !!- AUSTRALIA  KA AKKA CORAL REEF PAANI  PAANI HO GAYA !



CHOOT KA DHAKKAN AL GORE DOES NOT REALISE THAT HYDROCHLORIC ACID IS NOT THE SAME AS CARBOLIC ACID  .

The vast ocean is not a WEE chemistry lab where pure chemicals are tested in sterile isolation. And not all acids are the same, and not all carbonates are the same.

CHOOT KA DHAKKAN AL GORE DOES NOT REALISE THAT HYDROCHLORIC ACID IS NOT THE SAME AS CARBOLIC ACID  .

The vast ocean is not a WEE chemistry lab where pure chemicals are tested in sterile isolation. And not all acids are the same, and not all carbonates are the same.  

Calcium carbonate, the tough material of seashells and corals, sometimes take the form of calcite, and at other times form a chemically identical form of the mineral, called aragonite, that is more soluble in acids.

HEY CKD AL GORE – 

DO YOU KNOW THAT DIAMOND ON YOUR WEDDING RING AND GRAPHITE OF PENCIL LEAD YOU KEEP SCRATCHING YOUR DORKY HEAD WITH –  BOTH HAVE THE SAME COMPOSITION?  

PURE CARBON IT IS !!.  



Diamond is the metastable form, and over time will ultimately turn to graphite.



Calcium carbonate usually crystallizes as calcite,  but surprisingly, it forms aragonite in seawater. 

The outcome affects many different processes — including the global carbon cycle, neutralizing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere into a stable mineral and limiting its buildup in the air. The shells  and corals, have aragonite .  

The ratio of calcium to magnesium in the water affects the surface energy of the nucleating crystals; when that ratio passes a specific value, it tips the balance from forming calcite to forming aragonite.

Calcite, aragonite and mag-rich calcite vary in solubility in acids. The sea contains carbonates and basic chemicals and clays all of which buffer any disturbance to ocean pH making it difficult for natural carbon dioxide to create acidic water in open oceans. CKD Al Gore has NO dang idea how much water exists in oceans.

The ocean covers more than 71 percent of the surface of our planet ,and much of the ocean is 3 -5 km deep . Oceans hold 333 million cubic miles of water . That's enough water to fill about 352,670,000,000,000,000,000 gallon-sized milk containers!  One gallon = 3.79 litres .

And man has screwed it up  by breathing out HAJAAR carbon dioxide and burning HAJAAR coal to create energy , right -- CKD ?

WRONG !

The oceans weigh more than 300 times as much as the atmosphere and they have a huge heat capacity. Carbon dioxide comprises just 0.039% of the atmosphere and man contributes less than  3% of this. 

Thus the oceans weigh about 25 million times more than the carbon dioxide gas which is supposed to warm them alarmingly.  

Carbon dioxide is not a fuel – it does not generate heat.  Only morons will think that one slightly warmer carbon dioxide molecule will cause dangerous warming of a share of the land surface, plus 2,500 molecules of other gases in the atmosphere, plus 25 million cold water molecules in the ocean .

Hold it – I have just sprouted long ears !

BBBRRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY !

The main sources of ocean heat are the sun, and the hot interior of the earth, not the trace
quantities of a colourless non-combustible gas in the atmosphere. 

Moreover, the ocean has its own temperature control – as the water heats, evaporation increases, taking heat from the ocean and limiting the temperature rise (just like the old evaporative coolers). This cooling effect increases as water temperature increases. 

For all practical purposes the temperature of large bodies of water on the earth's surface will not
exceed about 31˚C — despite the fact that  ocean is geothermal energy, released in volcanoes and along the massive mid-ocean rifts. 



When large quantities of molten lava meet cool water, the water will boil. The water in the
kettle is not boiled by the hot air above the stove – it is heated by the hot coals in the firebox
below. that ocean temperature controls carbon dioxide content of the oceans and the atmosphere, with long lead times.

ARE WE GONNA SIT AND ARGUE WITH PEOPLE WHO GAVE 30 STANDING OVATIONS TO BENJAMIN NETANYAHU IN EVERY MINUTE OF A LYING SPEECH ?    

HAVE YOU SEEN THE PANIC ON THEIR COLLECTIVE FACES WHEN SOME JEW CONGRESS CHEER LEADERS GET UP TO CLAP  .   

ARE WE GONNA EDUCATE THESE LAWYER TYPES WITH CHEMISTRY, BIOLOGY AND PHYSICS . 

CAN THEY EVEN RUN THEIR OWN COUNTRY ( 18.3 TRILLION DOLLARS IN DEBT ) WITHOUT FOREIGN BRAINS ?

Oceans will be alkaline and never acidic, tillthe sun goes supernova --  except locally near active submarine volcanic vents—which is NOT man made.  

It is ridiculous to even suggest that sea life is threatened and coral reefs are getting eroded / bleached by "the rising acidity of the oceans".

Who the hell cares for Australia’s reefs – let SHIRT FRONT Abbot sort it out.   In know the problem there , I aint tellin’ as of now .

It is impossible to determine a meaningful figure for "average" ocean acidity (pH). It is also impossible to say with any certainty that average ocean pH has changed because  of man's use of carbon fuels.  

Such "measurements" are an exercise in writing the answer first and walking back on BIG BROTHERs orders—who is Al fuckin’ Gore’s boss .



The pH of the oceans varies naturally from place to place and time to time, depending on temperatures , river water run offs, and the activities of plant and animal life. Cold ocean currents from the deep ocean periodically up-well to the surface. 



These currents are rich in dissolved carbon dioxide and other chemicals and decayed organic matter. Where this cold nutrient-rich water surfaces, there is a staggering profusion of aquatic life.



The oceans have a huge capacity resist being destabilised by changes in temperature or composition of the atmosphere. Whenever there is a change, the reactions of other chemicals or life in the sea act to moderate and even reverse those changes.

Oceans have an unlimited ability to remove carbon dioxide from their waters and store it in thick beds of shells and corals, limestone, chalk, dolomite, magnesite, siderite, marls, methane hydrate and oil shales.

Fresh water swamps and lakes on land have also laid down massive deposits of coal and lignite formed from carbon dioxide extracted from the atmosphere. Many of these deposits were laid down when the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere was far higher than it is today.

Carbon dioxide present in the oceans is essential to plant life and current very low levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and the ocean are limiting plant growth. All animal life depends on these plants.

Man's mining and industrial activities are harmlessly recycling some of this valuable carbon dioxide from natural limestones and hydrocarbons buried in the dead lithosphere, back to the living biosphere.


Earth's temperature cycles is related to warming and cooling phases of the sun, and affected by cyclic variations in the geometry of Earth's orbit about the sun, but they are certainly not caused by modern man's trucks, tractors, trains, planes and power stations.  ( humpless glutton  cow methane FARTS – maybe !) 


Ocean pH varies continually with temperature, depth, ocean currents, the time of day, the life in the ocean at that place and the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere at that place. 

Al fuckin’ Gore’s liars claim  "surface ocean pH is estimated to have dropped from near 8.25 to near 8.14 between 1751 and 2004". 



This is NONSENSE as the pH scale was NOT invented those days –it was created jut 105 years ago. 



Nobody cared for pH of oceans before WW2 – and then Rothschild controlled slimy Jews came in with a SIX MILLION VERSION of pH ..



Much of the deep ocean floor is composed of basalt, some quite fresh and exposed in recent eras of volcanism and crustal movements along the mid-ocean rifts. 




The strong acids attack the basic minerals in these basalts, producing salts and water and consuming the H+ ions leaving a surplus of alkaline OH- ions and thus producing the generally alkaline environment in the oceans.



BELOW: PAKISTAN UNDERWATER VOLCANO




Two main factors control the amount of carbon dioxide that can be absorbed by sea water –the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and the temperature of the sea water.

At today's concentration of a minute 390 parts per million (ppm), the partial pressure of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is very tiny, but it plays a small part in forcing carbon dioxide into solution in the oceans.

If the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere increases for any reason (volcanoes, the biosphere or man's industry), more carbon dioxide will be absorbed by the sea water, providing that nothing else changes in the sea at the same time.

Carbon dioxide is very soluble in cold water, but if that water warms up, the carbon dioxide is expelled . Thus these two effects (increased pressure and increased temperature) act in opposite directions, ie one counter-acting the effect of the other.

As temperature changes dramatically on a daily and annual cycle, so does the movement of carbon dioxide between ocean and atmosphere Ocean temperatures clearly control the large seasonal swings in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere – the huge southern oceans expel it in their summer and re-absorb it in their winter.


Man's effect on the huge deep oceans is ZILCH.  There is no credible evidence (except in SOLD OUT AND BRIBED computer models) that man's production of carbon dioxide could have a measureable effect on ocean pH or ocean life.  These sold out souls are CULTURAL TERRORISTS .


Methane is a POTENT greenhouse gas . Humpless glutton cows cows fart and belch more Methane , that all the CO2 emission scares.   Most of the earth's methane is produces from rotting vegetation or in the earth's crust, cow fart made methane is so minuscule it's negligent.

Tons of methane just bubbles up out of the ocean floor.  Cow produced methane is small compared to vegetation because plants far exceed animal mass.  Fart gas is nothing but pure methane CH4 --which has one carbon atom in the aliphatic hydrocarbon.


The IPCC (The UN International Climate Change Panel) was fathered in 1988 by the couple Rothschild- Maurice Strong, who was head of the Rio Summit and the UN Environment Program (UNEP).

As early as 1972 Rothschild had used Maurice Strong in the UNCHE conference at Stockholm to lay the foundations of this giant greenhouse gas hoax. Such was the blue print-- The arrogant Arabs and their fossil fuels must be put on the back burner. The developing world must NOT be allowed to use their reserves of coal.

Our Zionist companies with produce and sell Biofuel.    We will even form a EU and decide which all black sheep countries must stop producing food and start producing Biofuel plants like Japtropha.

I am a chemical tanker man and my ship has carried biofuels and ethanol for premium petrol from all corners of the globe.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/06/biodiesels-and-biofuels-on-chemical_05.html

Al fuckin’ Gore had said that growing biofuels is thought to be a good thing because it reduces the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere—this is BULLSHIT. Isoprene forms toxic ozone when mixed with other air pollutants in sunlight.

The amount of food crops consumed as fuel by G8 countries annually could have fed more than 500 million people for a year.  

In India water intensive sugar cane crops for premium fuel ethanol ( by sugar barons ) has lowered the water level table and caused farmers to commit suicide.   70% of all EU vegetable oil now goes to biofuels.

Desperately poor and hungry African nations are arm twisted into growing biofuel crops. The biggest investors of biofuels in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) are from the IMMORAL UK (30 projects), Italy (18) and Germany (8).

Below: Armtwisted to grow Jathropha for biofuel .



Zionist produced Biofuels cause more soot/ NOx emissions / global warming than fossil fuels.

Health problems from biofuels ( requiring Nitrogen fertilisers )  include increased cases of heart disease, respiratory symptoms, asthma, chronic bronchitis or premature death.



Growing crops to make “green” biofuel ( Zionist companies ) harms the environment and drives up food prices.   The direct and  indirect carbon emissions from producing biofuels from food crops are very high. This Jewish LIE of goodie good biofuel must be nailed. 

Dedicating land solely to growing biofuels won’t help with climate change, because it will compete with the need to grow food and conserve water .




All over the world wherever biofuel is grown the farmers are forced to inject in nitrogen based fertilizers into the soil.

How nitrogen bases fertilisers screw up the health, land and water resources can be read in the post below .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/vanishing-lakes-rain-water-harvesting.html




GREEN FUNDS would be paid directly into the coffers of the World Bank and IMF, organizations ( managed by Rothschilds ) that have made a habit out of looting poorer countries with crippling loans that cannot be paid back.  This forces such countries to hand over their entire infrastructure to globalist loan sharks.

Had not , the Obama administration, firmly supported by Al Gore (on orders from Rothschilds),  given a fiat to World Bank to prevent “developing”countries from building coal-fired power plants.     This ensures poorer countries will continue in poverty as a result of energy demands not being met    .

Preventing poor nations from becoming self-sufficient in blocking them from producing their own energy, meant that millions more will die from starvation—who cares?.
  
Desperately poor African delegates expostulated . We don’t see how a solar panel is going to power a steel industry … We are being told, ‘Don’t touch your resources. Don’t touch your oil. Don’t touch your coal.’ That is suicide.”
   
Holding back poor countries and preventing them from developing their infrastructure in the name of reducing CO2 emissions is worsening poverty exponentially.    

This is the ultimate form of racism – economic terrorism against poor black people – such was the game the inner Bilderberg Club.–for which they used Al fuckin’ Gore, and gave him a Nobel prize too.

Jewish company DOW who refuses to compensate the Bhopal MDI gas disaster victims, is a big player in this new game of Biodiesel—all in the name of saving this planet from CO2 emissions.

"Producing biodiesel fits our existing asset base, as well as Dow's commitment to be part of the solution for climate change." – screams DOW via the Rothschild held media.

"DOW's global reputation for manufacturing excellence coupled with our rigorous attention to high-quality biodiesel production results in a win-win , for consumers and the environment," lisps Gene Gebolys, founder and president of World Energy.
.
So poor countries must grow plants and lower their underground water tables to power the cars of the rich Western man , right?  Let the poor black man starve , and spoil his fertile lands !

"DOW's global reputation for manufacturing excellence coupled with our rigorous attention to high-quality biodiesel production results in a win-win , for consumers and the environment," lisps Gene Gebolys, founder and president of World Energy.
.
So poor countries must grow plants and lower their underground water tables to power the cars of the rich Western man , right?  Let the poor black man starve , and spoil his fertile lands !

Who says Biodiesels are better than fossil fuels? 

What about Nitrous oxides released by the Nitrogen based fertilisers which are used for the plant crop?  

Nitrous oxide from Biofuels is the biggest contributor to manmade climate warming.  Fart gas methane comes second..   CO2 does NOT figure at all.

Nitrous oxide is very efficient at absorbing energy, and it stays in the atmosphere for a long time.

Once emitted, nitrous oxide stays in the atmosphere for more than 125 years.  Over 100 years, each molecule has a warming impact almost 320 times that of carbon dioxide, and around 9 times greater than methane.

 In addition to its warming impact, nitrous oxide also depletes the ozone layer - right now it is the the most significant ozone-depleting substance in the atmosphere  -- far far ahead of the second gas . 




Al fuckin' Gore lobby is hiding this naked truth.and refusing the see the elephant in the room..


Zionists make sure that Nitrous oxide is not regulated by the Montreal Protocol.  This is despite the fact that 42% of global Nitrous oxide emissions are from human activities.  




Nitrous oxide ( also known as laughing gas ) , is stable when emitted at ground level, but breaks down when it reaches the stratosphere to form other gases, called nitrogen oxides, that trigger ozone-destroying reactions.


Does not Rothschild controlled IPCC know that the impact of 1 kilo of Nitrous oxide on warming the atmosphere is over 320 times that of 1 kilo of carbon dioxide?  Nitrous oxide is a greenhouse gas that is 2.4 times more potent than carbon dioxide.



THE HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS EAT OIL CAKES/ CORN LIKE GLUTTONS THE WHOLE DAY, FART POTENT GREENHOUSE GAS METHANE ( CH4) THE WHOLE DAY, PRODUCE USLESS TOXIC A1 MILK AND THEIR OFFENSIVE SMELLING URINE/ DUNG EMITS NITROUS OXIDE.

Nitrous oxide (N2O), is a potent greenhouse gas that contributes to stratospheric ozone depletion.

Nitrogen fertilizers applied to soils that grow crops to make biodiesel and ethanol emit nitrous oxide, a potent and long-lasting greenhouse gas.   You don’t have to be a scientist to declare that  biodiesel gives out highest tailpipe emissions of nitrous and nitrogen oxides.


Biofuel cultivation requires nitrogen based artificial fertilizers.. We have killed all our lakes in India due to nitrogen based fertilizers. Hypertrophic lakes are supersaturated in  nitrogen. High levels of nitrogen  in the water most often come from agricultural runoff and lawns / golf courses. 

Groundwater is being polluted mainly by nitrates. Nitrates come off urea used in lawn fertilisers. Nitrogen in commercial fertilizer is particularly soluble to facilitate uptake by crops, but this also makes it vulnerable to run-off after heavy rainfall, and to leaching to groundwater. Nitrogen is an important factor in causing eutrophication (oxygen depletion) of water bodies 

Excessive nitrate (NO3) in drinking water can cause human and animal health problems, particularly for small babies. Excess nitrates decrease the ability of blood to carry vital oxygen through the body. Nitrate or nitrites in drinking water are associated with cancer in adults. Nitrate is reduced to nitrite in the gut and nitrite reacts with specific food breakdown products (amines) to form highly carcinogenic nitrosamines.  

This is a convoluted path to cancer, but is assuming greater importance as nitrate in food and drinking water slowly increases worldwide. IS ALL THIS MORE IMPORTANT-- OR DISCUSSING SACHIN TENDULKAR ?

When desperately poor  countries are struggling for food ad water—why are rich Jewish companies growing Biofuel plants – lowering their  ground water levels and decimating their fertile top soils.

MODI MUST ENSURE THAT IN INDIA WE MAKE BIOFUELS ONLY FROM ORGANIC WASTE AND SEA WEED.

Biofuel cars are very expensive to maintain.

When you open a carbonated soda bottle, as soon as the seal is broken CO2 immediately fizzes out of solution because of the sudden pressure decrease and soon finds equilibrium with atmospheric pressure.     As the liquid warms, the CO2 concentration rapidly drops and the soda goes flat.    


It is the same with the ocean and troposphere equilibrium, atmospheric CO2 levels are only responding to the gigantic mass of CO2 dissolved in seawater.



The ocean is a giant CO2 capacitor that discharges and charges based on temperature and pressure fluctuations.




The earth is covered with water .   The atmosphere so ladened with water vapor that it rains often, and the CO2 gets washed from the air or CO2 absorbed by rocks is then washed into the ocean.





BELOW VIDEO GIVES ROTHSCHILD BULLSHIT -- RELAYED BY AL FUCKIN' GORE  AS THE GOSPEL  -- A FOUL AND IMMORAL LIE !



Below: The vast salty ocean is NOT a lab with 4 walls .

 

CO2 is essentially chemically inert in the atmosphere and is only removed by biological uptake and by dissolving into the ocean.  Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere dissolves in both rain water and open ocean water.  


CO2 in solution near the ocean surface becomes H2CO3 which then diffuses into the deep ocean where it combines with insoluble exposed metal carbonates such as limestone (CaCO3) to form a water soluble metal bicarbonate solution.  The solubility product for this metal bicarbonate solution is highly temperature dependent.  



As sea water (3.5% salt) containing dissolved carbon dioxide as (HCO3)- ions warms from 0 degrees C to 20 degrees C the solubility of the dissolved carbon dioxide gas decreases by a factor of:
3.241 / 6.287 = .5155

--causing almost half of the dissolved carbon dioxide gas to come out of solution and re-enter the atmosphere. If you warm up cold ocean water it will release CO2 gas.





When ocean water in the form of spray or foam evaporates due to solar energy absorption both the dissolved carbon dioxide gas and the carbon dioxide in bicarbonate solution are released to the atmosphere.


Marine algae ( they are living creatures not sea weed ) or pythoplanktons  in the sea remove carbon dioxide and convert it to organic carbon .  When carbon di oxide is more in the air than in the water it diffuses into the water and vice versa.

Cosmic rays ,which, unlike carbon emissions, cannot be controlled by human activity, have a much larger impact on climate change than The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) claims.

IPCC says that“greenhouse gases” absorb infrared (IR) energy and cause warming. So what? It is re radiated to free space as soon as it is absorbed.

If greenhouse warming were presently occurring you would get more warming in the troposphere, because greenhouse gases trap heat from escaping the atmosphere in the troposphere.  However, that is just not the case . 

The data collected from satellites and weather balloons show that the earth is in fact warmer than the atmosphere. This evidence damns the theory of greenhouse effect upon climate through CO2.

Does this bullshit theory of high altitude CO2 absorption of sun radiation and transferring it to the earth surface miles below, hold water?


Will not Global warming increase evaporation from oceans placing more moisture in the atmosphere , thus increasing the precipitation potential.

Solar activity is the most accurate way of predicting climate changes on earth.

So combating CO2 the cause of a non-existent global warming - needs money (poor mans’money)—and so Rothschild founded the World Conservation Bank for this reason. In 1991 its name was changed to The Global Environment Facility (GEF). 

The purpose of this facility is to lend money to the poorest countries, printed by the Rothschild run IMF out of thin air, and with the guarantee of our governments.

The facility takes wilderness areas with mineral riches as security. The GEF money is then to flow back to third world governments as reimbursement for paid loans. 

When a desperately poor country having famine cannot repay loans to the GEF it must give up a piece of its territory to the Rothschild banks (GEF, IMF, World Bank).

If land cannot be offered as collateral the country must starve.  Rothschild´s greed was such that he had his GEF smuggled into the UN system at the Rio UN Summit in 1992 by his stooge, Maurice Strong who has a face like a Chinese Rothschild Commie leader Deng Xiopeng

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

So now high-ranking ministers from 179 countries are in the the council of the bank – watching Rothschild and the inner Bilderberg club, grabbing the world!


Deng Xiopeng , the Rotshchild's PERESTROIKA / GLASNOST man in China was friendly with a pretty Journalist in China by the name of Anna Louis Strong –all know that.  

Rothschild Marxist commie  propaganda journalist Anne Louise Strong, died in 1970, and her funeral was arranged by Premier Chou En-Lai. 

How come you and me cannot get state funerals?

CHARKHA GHUMAAKE ?

Mysterious Maurice Strong, a self-confessed socialist, was the man who put the United Nations into the environmental business.  He was the man in the shadows of UN , manipulating all UN secretaries general from U Thant to Kofi Annan. 

His astonishing reign of influence in world affairs lasted from 1962 to 2005, tille he screwed himself.  Maurice baby and Rothschild,  worked in tandem , in blowing up carbon di oxide as the culprit for global warming . 

In 1972 Maurice man organised for U Thant the first Earth Summit, The Stockholm Conference on the Human Environment.  This led to the formation of UN Environment Program with Maurice Strong at its head.

In 1989 Maurice Strong was appointed  Secretary General of the Earth Summit and in 1992, he gave amazing global warming bull while speaking at the Earth Summit II in Rio.


At the Rio Conference in 1992, Rothschild got the acceptance by 183 nations of its Global Environmental Facility (GEF) lending bank on the basis of the climate change-hoax  .   

Almost all environmental ministers of all countries (except a few like Iran, Syria, North Korea, Russia etc )  are handpicked by Rothschild and the Bilderbergers. 

The GEF ( Global Environment Facility ) run by Zionists is to manage the money just promised to the developing countries in Copenhagen (100 billion dollars a year from 2020 - 30 Billion over the next 3 years) with the help of the World Bank.     

Zionist bankers are now joining the race of certain governments , to buy up large areas of farmland in developing countries, having the crops transported back to the home countries.    

Food prices have doubled in the past year .. This is the ultimate goal of Bilderberg Club’s New World Order.

This EVIL organization GEF provides high interest loans consisting of money  printed out of thin air to defaulting States on the verge of bankruptcy –  and then on insolvency takes over  their wildernesses with enormous natural resources as forfeited collaterals.

How do they print money out of thin air ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/worth-more-than-sum-total-of-entire.html


Argentinian President Juan Peron did not want to join the IMF. He wanted Argentina not to be indebted to the mega-banks – but paid out all Argentina´s sovereign debt. He was overthrown by the mega-bankers in a bloody military coup. 

After that, Argentina was pushed into the IMF – and the country made debt to the extent that it went bankrupt in the year of 2000 and was forced to accept severe austerity measures as well as sky-high interest rates. In 2010, the country went bankrupt, and  again in 2014. 

Today Argentina ‘s economy is the 2nd worst on this planet- as per Rothschild's agency Bloomberg.



What the GEF does not tell us about is its main task: To grab the lands of the globe as part of Rothschild agent Maurice Strong´s Communist  Agenda 21 - the final one-world dictatorship with mankind rounded up like cattle in mega-cities. 

The Zionist will sell GM sterile / terminator seeds . Artificial water shortages are created by lowering the ground water table using water intensive fertilizers and Biofuel GM crops.





Zionism means Rothschild just as Israel means Rothschild. When we see the extraordinary number of Zionists in key positions around the world we are looking not at 'manipulating Jews', but manipulating Zionists representing the interests and demands of the Rothschilds.  Being a JEW does NOT means that he is a  Zionist. A lot of Zionists are crypto Jews and atheists.



If you are looking to impose global‘solutions’ you need global ‘problems’ and the environment is perfect for that.  It allows you to pass international laws and create centralized, global NGO organizations with “shoot to kill powers” to police them. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html

Everybody had been wondering why the current generation of Rothschild has stopped all their covert games.  Oh no!  They upstaged all their ancestors with the HOAX of the millennium. GLOBAL WARMING DUE TO GREEN HOUSE GASES .   

This would make poor countries rich in natural energy like coal and hydrocarbons buy biodiesel and alternate from Rothschild's companies in European countries who have NOTHING in their country— just unfertile , no mineral , no energy wasteland.


Below: Rockefeller is a WEE Rothschild agent.




In Argentina huge swathes of land as big as some medium sized  is now owned by around 400 foreign Jewish investors.  Jews are looking for a safe haven far away from land based misslies . Argentina’s Jewish community, some 265,000 strong, is the largest in Latin America.

The Global Warming computer modeling  – propagated by Rothschild and his stooges—is worse that their bullsh#t Adam Smith Economic Theory.  

They can fool the whole world but NOT a certain I YAM WHAT I YAM captain.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/modern-economics-empirical-vulgar_2219.html

Third world and under developed countries must stop paying “carbon tax”.   Stop the global warming nonsense being taught to innocent school children.(  Darwins theory is still being taught in this age of DNA , what a disgrace ) .  



NASA reported in April 2012 on a study in which scientists measured surprising levels of methane coming from cracks in Arctic sea ice and areas of partial sea ice cover .   Global-warming potential (GWP) is a relative measure of how much heat a greenhouse gas traps in the atmosphere.


The 20 year GWP of methane is 86, which means that if the same mass of methane and carbon dioxide were introduced into the atmosphere, that methane will trap 86 times more heat than the carbon dioxide over the next 20 years



Third world and under developed countries must stop paying “carbon tax”.   Stop the global warming nonsense being taught to innocent school children.(  Darwins theory is still being taught in this age of DNA , what a disgrace ) .  



Pound for pound, methane is 120 times more potent than carbon dioxide. 



Cows belong to a class of animals called ruminants. Ruminants have four stomachs and digest their food in their stomachs instead of in their intestines, as humans do.




Ruminants eat food, regurgitate it as cud and eat it again. 




The stomachs are filled with bacteria that aid in digestion, but also produce enormous methane. Humpless glutton cows fart too much methane.


Carbon dioxide is a harmless trace gas that does not cause any sort of dangerous global warming.  Humans produce a miniscule amount of the total carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, most of it by BREATHING ( exhale ) . The rest comes naturally from the environment.  

CO2 is essential for life.  It is not a pollutant.  Plants cannot grow without carbon dioxide.  It is not a heating agent and does not warm the planet.




Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide with every breath.  Exhaled air is rich in carbon dioxide, a waste product of cellular respiration during the production of energy, which is stored as ATP. Plant photosynthesis processes use CO2 for growth and create oxygen.





We are being lied to by renewable energy Zionist proponents on the reasons why we need to tax this harmless gas.  If you follow the money trail you will know what this gargantuan HOAX is all about.

The pea brained Indian Rajendra Pachauri – the  IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri, spAke that mankind has a limited window of opportunity to act on climate change and to keep temperature rises below 2C.   This is NONSENSE. Now he is gone for good—on sexual harassment charges.


India MUST continue using her abundant reserves of coal. We do NOT want any more dams on our rivers.   In another TWO years I predict that the whole world will  realise that the FAKE theory of man-made carbon emissions creating uncontrollable global warming is a LIE.


President Obama in Beijing has agreed with President Xi of China to curtail emissions of Greenhouse Gases by 29% by 2030! Well India is NOT gonna fall for this nonsense.   

Carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere is considered a trace gas currently occurring at an average concentration of about 400 parts per million by volume (or 591 parts per million by mass). Global warming is more complicated than a ‘blanket’ of ,  HEAVY GAS , CO2 trapping heat.

The long-held belief that carbon dioxide is wrapping the planet in a ‘blanket’ that traps more heat, causing global warming, is a LIE.


GLOBAL WARMING DOES NOT HAPPEN WITH CARBON DI OXIDE -- A CONSPIRACY BY THE JEALOUS WEST TO RETARD INDIAs AND CHINAs PROGRESS ..

 WE INDIANS DO NOT NEED TO LEARN ABOUT GLOBAL WARMING FROM THE ZIONISTS WHO CONTROL UN .

First control western HUMPLESS cows , who eat too much and fart too much GREENHOUSE GAS METHANE .    

EACH YEAR ONE SINGLE GLUTTON WESTERN HUMPLESS COW FARTS AS MUCH GREENHOUSE GAS AS ONE CAR WHICH DRIVES 8000 KILOMETERS .

HAARP AND WEATHER MODIFICATION ( WARFARE ), IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST CULPRITS FOR GLOBAL WARMING.

More than 1300 million lightning flashes occur around the world every year, if you include the cloud to cloud lightning streaks .

Each of those effin billion lightning flashes produces a puff of nitrogen oxide gas (NOx) that reacts with sunlight and other gases in the atmosphere to produce ozone.

The MASSIVE AMOUNT ozone produced by inter cloud lightning reaches the stratosphere faster-- while the CHUTKU aerosol spray you put of our balls and armpits reach slower.

Central Africa has more lightning flashes while it is very less in the Antartic region, where the ozone layer hole is.

Basically, ozone is made by sunlight breaking up oxygen molecules, and when it's winter in Antarctica, there is no sunlight to make ozone. Miniscule amounts of chlorofluorocarbons, used in refrigerants, aerosols and in perfumes, are ERRONEOUSLY claimed to be responsible for holes in the ozone layer.

INDIA MUST NOT BE ARM TWISTED INTO MOTHBALLING HER ENORMOUS RESERVES OF COAL .

WE MUST GENERATE POWER BU COAL AND NUCLEAR PLANTS .

WE MUST NOT BUILD ANYMORE HYDROELECTRIC DAMS WITHOUT DE-SILTING ARRANGEMENTS , AS THIS REDUCES WATER FLOW AND KILLS OUR RIVERS . 

When dams cannot be desilted over time the water level in the reservoir has to be raised and this submerges more fertile land and displaced people. 

Not a SINGLE Indian dam has inbuilt de-silting facility.  Why are the people responsible , who received kickbacks into foreign accounts , NOT being punished.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/06/ganga-manthan-cleaning-of-river-ganges.html

Below: Chinese dam with DE-SILTING FACILITY.





Gujarat government to raise the height of the Narmada dam from 121.92 metres to 138.7 metres . This massive 17-metre increase will submerge enormous tracts of land  and displace 2.5 lakh people.



WHY IS MODI NOT ADDRESSING THE ROOT PROBLEM —  THAT THE SARDAR SAROVAR DAM DOES NOT HAVE A BASIC DESILTING FACILITY ?



EVERY TIME THE RESERVOIR GETS SILTED THE DAM HEIGHT HAS TO BE RAISED , SUBMERGING MORE LANDS AND DISPLACING MORE PEOPLE. 


The Zionists have been LYING that Antarctica's ice loss has changed Earth's gravity.  The winter ice around the southern continent has been growing relatively constantly since records began in 1979 . 

The US National Snow and Ice Data Centre (NSIDC), which monitors sea ice using satellite data, said the year’s maximum was 1.54m sq km (595,000 sq miles) above the 1981-2010 average. The past four  winters ( 2011- 2014 ) have all produced record levels of ice .

AL GORE IS TRIED TO MOULD INDIAN PERCEPTION WITH HIS BULLSH#T ON NDTV —AND HE PRAISED GUJARAT MODEL , TO PLACE ALICE IN GUJJULAND MODI ON CHANNE KA JHAAD..

http://www.ndtv.com/india-news/delhi-air-life-and-death-matter-says-al-gore-on-indias-inconvenient-truth-full-transcript-742040

When Mr. Modi was chief minister of Gujarat, “two-thirds of all the solar panels installed in India” were in that state, Mr. Gore said. “He has credibility,” he added.

Al Gore is in Delhi to warn India about the dangers of pollution and rising global temperatures, as Rothschild’s agent .

“Indians must know that this is a life or death issue,” Mr. Gore said in an interview with the television channel NDTV.

WHY IS THIS ROTHSCHILDs AGENT SO MUCH WORRIED ABOUT THE HEALTH AND COMFORT OF INDIAN PEOPLE ?   

WE INDIANS KNOW HOW TO TAKE CARE OF OURSELVES WITHOUT AL GOREs HELP.   WE INDIANS SEND A ROCKET TO MARS WITHOUT ZIONIST HELP.


Al Gore shows you heart wrenching pictures of poor struggling polar bears floating around on little ice islands, never telling you that this is normal behavior for polar bears, which are capable of swimming 100 miles , never stymied by open water.

Global Historical Climate Network, a U.S. Government entity, has been FUDGING the temperature findings to reflect a warming trend.

Ahead of the UN climate conference later this year in Paris, Al Gore has come to India to give us bull and mould perceptions using school children.


Planet Earth has passed through many periods of high levels of CO2 and many cycles of warming and cooling that are part of the life of the planet.

So ,Zionists will TAX and apply sanctions on India , if we burn coal ? 

 Try it ! 

HIMMAT HAI ?!

The ocean is not rising .  The polar ice is increasing, not melting away.  Polar bears are increasing in number.  Heat waves have actually diminished, not increased.  




Why is Niagara frozen today ?


OBAMA LIED TO USA IN HIS SOTU ADDRESS .   HE DID NOT EVEN TELL THAT USA IS HAVING 18 TRILLION USD DEBT WHICH CAN NEVER BE REPAID WITHOUT THIRD WORLD WAR  OR A MAJOR SCAM  .



Obama Paaji-- do not LIE -- there has been no warming over 18 years.


At the heart of this FOUL hoax is a total contempt for poor third world nations , with a sinister depopulation agenda.

Alice in Gujjuland  Modi , be warned— your Gujarati model useless solar panel and wind turbine industries that produce so little actual electricity are a NEGATIVE DRAG on the national power grid.


THE BENAMI INDIA MAIN STREAM MEDIA ARE PIMPS OF BIG BROTHER .   CAN ANY OF OUR POINT OUT SOME DESH BHAKTS IN OUR INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA ? 




Sea ice surrounding the Antarctic continent reached its maximum extent on September 22 at 20.11 million square kilometers (7.76 million square miles) .  This is 1.54 million square kilometers (595,000 square miles) above the 1981 to 2010 average extent, which is nearly four standard deviations above average . 

BELOW :  SANTA CLAUS IS KHATTI -  HE TELLS CHILDREN -  HE WONT BE COMIN' NO MORE ! WATCHING THIS VIDEO BELOW - " PEDOPHILES OF THE MIND " IS COMPULSORY 






Sea ice in Antarctica has remained at satellite-era record high daily levels for most of 2014 .



BELOW ARE ACTUAL PHOTOGRAPHS ----   THEY DO NOT LIE .




THERE IS THIS FOULD TREND TO CALL LEADERS OF DEVELOPING COUNTRIES AND ARM TWIST THEM TO DONATE MONEY FOR THIS HOAX OF CLIMATE CHANGE . 

The rich nations tell lies that this fund will help poor nations, while actually it is only to SPUR rich nations to greater wealth .

BIG BROTHER wants to raise Climate Finance of $100 billion EVERY YEAR by 2020 . Countries who donate will have absolutely NO say in how these funds will be used .

Modi must know that the WEST leaders treated him like a rock star only to place him on CHANNE KA JHAAD - to make him commit to mothballing our abundant coal reserves -- to keep him away from Putin who was isolated in a MEAN manner ..


Rothchild controlled UN had  LIED that earth will die if we do NOT phase out FOSSIL FUELS by 2010 .  Well we all are live and kickin’.   Hollywood movies are made by Jews to alarm the world , and these Jews attend the Bilderberg conference .

President Obama even tweeted on May 16, 2014, “97% of scientists agree: climate change is real, man-made and dangerous.”

THIS IS BULLSH#T ! IN FACT IT IS THE OTHER WAY AROUND

Well this 97% must be PEER REVIEWED scientists of Rothschild.

The truth is a mere 1% of scientists believe human activity is causing most of the climate change—and of course the whole of US Congress who are sh#t scared of R -    for mere political survival they will play ball ..


Earth’s temperatures rise and fall based on its exposure to . . . the sun.  COMMONSENSE !

There are times when the sun gets hotter and times when it cools off as measured by “sunspots.”

Multiple solar cycles determine the temperatures of the Earth.

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has been using COMPUTER MODELS and NOT real temperatures. This is a bigger bullshit than the Adam Smith economic model .

In 2001, when Al Gore stepped out of white house as VP he was was worth less than 1.9 million USD.

Today he is worth more than 105 million USD. He had merrily invested in “green-tech” companies . . . 14 of which received more than $2.5 billion in loans, grants, tax breaks, and more from the Obama administration.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil says that the earth is rapidly growing colder because of diminished solar activity.





SUN CONTROLS THE EARTHs CLIMATE !

CARBON DI OXIDE EMISSIONS DO NOT CAUSE GLOBAL WARMING !!

We Indians do NOT trust Chitpavan BRAHMIN Prakash Javedekar anymore ever since he declared that GM foods are good for India .

As far as we Indians are concerned we have discarded Chitpavan Prakash Javedekar in the garbage bin .

I HAVE BEEN IN THE WEATHER BUSINESS AS A SHIP CAPTAIN FOR 3 DECADES .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/naive-sailor-weather-routing-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/el-nino-and-la-nina-mariners-overview.html

Below:  2015 will be an El Nino year - there will be floods in Argentina and forest fires in Australia. 

Hurricanes will be less in East coast USA but typhoons will be more in Pacific ocean. 



El Nino warming in certain areas of the planet will have NOTHING to do with Carbon Dioxide--we will NOT allow Al fuckin' Gore to fool India.






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/super-typhoon-bart-perfect-storm-capt.html

WE DO NOT WANT AL FUCKIN’ GOREs GM FOODS OR BIOFUELS IN INDIA.

NOR DO WE WANT HIS WATER SCARCITY TRAINING PROGRAM IN INDIA—WE KNOW WHAT IS GOOD FOR INDIA— WE DO NOT NEED A ROTHSCHILD ZIONIST TO TEACH US.

Al Gore has recruited 500 trainees ( EAGER BEAVERS REALLY ) for his Climate Reality Project India. 


Al Gore speaks to his selected Indian chamchas like an “environmental evangelist” – must belive his bullsh#t gospel, right?   It is lucrative .  Money is NOT a problem.     Al fuckin’ Gore adopts the fervor of a preacher when he says renewable energy makes more economic sense than dirty fossil fuels.

He has got a 15 year old girl by the name of Rajashree Agarwal who has quit school as a mascot. Well if you have Big Brother behind you why go to school? .  

She dished out ridiculous funda – that India is a  "banyan tree,"and its main trunk is “environmental protection."

BAAP RE !


Hey, what about MAA Ganga and BAAP Himalay ?


Below:  Till Salman Khan introduced fitness on Indian screen, our heroes all had gargantuan asses broader than their shoulders.



After completing this training, these 500 brainwashed “cheer leaders” will be empowered with the best tools possible to communicate this message of hope to their own communities –  

LET LOOSE THE DOGS OF ENVIRONMENTAL BULL .  

LITERALLY A COVERT AND SUBVERSIVE JUDAS ARMY TO MAKE INDIA STOP HER MARCH IN BEING WORLD NO 1 SUPERPOWER IN 20 YEARS.    

I ask Modi - can a failed and retired Indian politician do the same in USA ?   

So all this is part of APCO branding POUND OF FLESH, right ?




Al fuckin’  Gore’s Climate Reality Project has trained more than 7200 Climate Reality Leaders from more than 100 countries, including recent trainings held in Istanbul, Chicago, Johannesburg, Melbourne and Rio de Janeiro.  

There is plenty Zionist money in all this .  There is NO need to study or work , as long as you show great selfish zeal in screwing your own country  .

India must keep a track of all foreign scholarship students and their parents .  These scholarships are just the bait on a hook. BR Ambedkar had a scholarship in Opium founded Columbia University — yes our Barkha Dutt is also from the same university  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/india-must-quit-commonwealth-capt-ajit.html

Every now and then our BENAMI media hold FAKE polls asking if GM foods are good for India.

On Nov 29th 2014, this doctors poll held by TOILET PAPER OF INDIA was 50:50.

THEIR FAKE DESH DROHI AGENDA , WITH FAKE PERCENTAGES - WAS UNEARTHED.

FEARING PUBLIC BACK LASH AND SEVERE RETRIBUTION , THEY IMMEDIATLEY  MADE IT 97: 3 --  WHERE GM FOOD IS REJECTED.     Our “GM dhal and GM kela maangtha”  Modi might be in the 3%.


A nation once known as Russia’s breadbasket, Ukraine, has been infiltrated by GM companies in return for IMF loans— exploiting vulnerability is a Zionist monopolized thing.

Wikileaks cables have also revealed that the U.S. uses taxpayer money to push GMOs on nations that do not otherwise want them.

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WARNS --

THE NARENDRA MODI GOVT WILL FALL WELL BEFORE THE 2019 LOK SABHA ELECTIONS ,  IF MODI MAKES THE MISTAKE OF SELLING BHARATMATA TO THE WHOREHOUSE OF GM COMPANIES . 

WE ALL KNOW ( THE WORLD KNOWS TOO )  THAT MODI IS A DARLING OF ZIONISTS .



The whole idea of the ZIONISTS forcing India NOT to stockpile food grains is to introduce terminator/ sterile  GM seeds in India , in case monsoons fail two years in a row .  Unseasonal rains caused by HAARP in the dry season has spoilt a lot of crops a week ago.

Grain producing western countries and their GM food new world order stooges ,want to sell their produce and mint money — and sing all the way to the Rothschild bank.

Trade facilitation agreement (TFA) is a trade protocol aiming to do away with checks and balance—according to the rich countries , the stumbling blocks in doing international trade ..

WTO does NOT want to discuss and allay India's concern on food subsidy which is a lifeline for lakhs of BPL people .

With HAARP playing around with Indian monsoons we are vulnerable to monsoon failure - Modi must read this line a BILLION times .

India at present is running a massive food procurement programmes by providing minimum supporting price to the farmers and giving subsidised food to lakhs of BPL families through its public distribution system (PDS).

The new WTO agreement limits the value of food subsidies at 10 percent of the total food grain production.

India queries that when US is providing 120 billion as agriculture subsidy then why India can't give even one tenth (USD 12 billion) to their own farmers, who are committing suicide .

India has 350 million hungry and poor people.

We do we have a govt ?

The govt has feed its people, right?— without falling prey to wolves like GM food corpns like Monsanto/ Cargill ?

Our food programme is almost fully domestic so it doesn't distort global food trade at all .

Once the TFA will be implemented it will be difficult to bargain on the food subsidy thing.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html


Let me challenge Al Gore to a math test –  if he can take it on LIVE TV – I challenge him to beat a 6th standard student ( 11 years of age ) of India .    After that an IQ test against an illiterate 14 chaiwala boy from Mumbai / Calcutta again LIVE on TV -- to be beamed world wide.   

He may be from Harvard University  – but we have heard him talk on TV, and we know his level of perception , as the VP of USA.

Holding back poor countries and preventing them from developing their infrastructure in the name of reducing CO2 emissions is worsening poverty exponentially.    This is the ultimate form of racism – economic terrorism against poor black people – such was the game the inner Bilderberg Club.–for which they used Al Gore, and gave him a Nobel prize too- for good measure.


God created nature to make Earth THE perfect waste treatment plant that recycles everything and keeps the natural system in balance by fixing and releasing elements all the time.  

The atmosphere has oxygen (20.95 percent), nitrogen (78 percent) and carbon dioxide (0.03 percent), and the remaining amount includes very small amounts of other inert and reactive gases.

We in India call this divine natural action-- that of BRAHMA / VISHNU / SHIVA.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

Amish Tripati is a great favourite of Zionists as he converted Shiva into a sex starved tribal and that too a recent one.

Sorry our TRINITY ( trimurthi ) is a cosmic allegory.



What the IMMORAL white invader and their FAKE mutts wrote about Shiva / Brahma / Vishnu holding ridiculous competitions to prove who is stronger— and screwing each others wives behind each others backs in a FOUL lie. 


Carbon dioxide is NOT a problem, as it gets sequestered to keep the carbon cycle in balance. Nature does this all the time.

GREEN FUND and CARBON TAX is now a foul game, to keep third world countries where they are.

IT THERE ARE IDIOTS CREATING A MINDLESS GLOBAL WARMING THEORY, INDIA WILL CONTEST IT .

TIMES HAVE CHANGED.

WE HAVE THE CAPABILITY TO THINK ON OUR OWN.
  
THE WEST HAS GONE BACK TO BLUE RIVERS, GREEN FIELDS AND CLEAR SKIES .

CHINA DOES NOT WANT TO POLLUTE THEIR LAND FOR WESTERN DIRTY INDUSTRIES ANY MORE.

THE SMOKE EMITTED FROM CHINA TRAVELS ACROSS THE PACIFIC OCEAN IN THREE DAYS AND RAINS ON WESTERN CALIFORNIA AS ACID RAIN .




The smoke travels like a high altitude balloon via the stratosphere aided by easterly winds .. ..

THE ZIONISTS NOW WANT DARLING OF ISRAEL AND LITTLE BO PEEP NARENDRA MODI , TO SHIFT THESE  CHINESE POLLUTING INDUSTRIES INTO INDIA ,  ON THE PRETEXT OF “MAKE IN INDIA”-- AND DEPRIVE INDIANS OF CLEAN WATER AND AIR .


At the Lima summit they Rothschild stooges talked about Carbon dioxide / Carbon emissions as if it is humanity’s biggest problem. . .

The U.S. Senate has voted overwhelmingly, 98 to 1, to approve an amendment affirming that climate change is real and "not a hoax."— JUST GOES TO SHOW THE FRIGHTENING INFLUENCE OF R IN US CONGRESS.

If USA thinks that this HILLY BILLY vote will cause India to mothball our enormous reserves of coal—they must think again.

A week ago , climate scientists at NASA announced that 2014 was the hottest year on…this is even a greater LIE than the arsenic replaced phosphorus in DNA lie by NASA 3 years ago.

ALL THOSE WHO THINK THAT NASAs SHIT DOES NOT SMELL - READ THE POST BELOW  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dna-nasa-arsenic-and-phosphorous-capt.html

Lies are now institutionalized like how SIX MILLION JEWS DIED –just because the star of David has 6 points.

The whole of Europe is now freezing in winter—Hey, to be frank, the teeth chattering population there could use some nice global warming.

Our environment minister CHITPAVAN Prakash Javadekar is jumping up and down telling BENAMI Indian media how he plays a positive role in fighting climate change.   This man does NOT even understand climate.   

Is he on the side of Rothschild or is he on the side of Bharatmata ? 

We know !!


INDIA DOES NOT NEED R STOOGE SCIENTISTs / BENAMI MEDIA HELP IS COMING TO CORRECT CONCLUSIONS OF GREENHOUSE GASES AND GLOBAL WARMING.


THE BENAMI INDIAN MEDIA IS PROPAGATING THEIR ZIONIST MASTERs LIE . .




IPCC chief and Zionist stooge Rajendra Pachauri said by 2035 Himalayan glaciers would disappear and the seas would rise in level, sinking Mumbai - what nonsense!!


There is absolutely NO correlation between temperature variation over the past two centuries and human related CO2 emissions.

The Earth has passed through many periods of high levels of CO2 and many cycles of warming and cooling that are part of the life of the planet.

The whole idea is to prevent India and China, by an exhorbitant Carbon Tax -- from burning coal ( both countries do NOT have oil/ gas ) and hence prevent them from overtaking USA as world’s No1 superpower.

Modi , be warned—your Gujarati model useless solar panel and wind turbine industries that produce so little actual electricity are a NEGATIVE DRAG on the national power grid.

Demonizing a vital natural plant nutrient like Co2 as pollution in order to so completely misguide the public is a dirty shame.

US News and World Report noted that many of the world’s largest businesses, including Coke, Pepsi, Walmart, Nestle, Mars, Monsanto, Kellogg, General Mills, Microsoft, and IBM, “are now engaged and actively responding to climate science and data.”

TOH  APUN  NACHOON ?




The fact that the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has been increasing at the same time the Earth has been cooling is proof enough that all the warming claims are a complete nonsense.


Al Gore presented the climate change fraud in his "Inconvenient Truth", actually a "Convenient Lie" .He is a politician with an agenda to make himself wealthy.


CO2 emissions created by man, i.e. combustion of fuels, (called anthropogenic emissions) is miniscule compared to the emissions of CO2 from nature.

Nature absorbs 98.5% of the CO2 that is emitted by nature and man.  As CO2 increases in the atmosphere, nature causes plant growth to increase via photosynthesis which is an endothermic (cooling) reaction.  

 Nature therefore has in place a built-in mechanism to regulate the CO2 concentration in the atmosphere that will always completely dwarf man's feeble attempts to regulate it. 

THE STUPID R PAYROLL SCIENTISTS FEEL THAT CO2 FORMS A UNIFORM LAYER AROUND THE GLOBE - TEE HEEEE !




President Obama  tweeted on May 16, 2014: “97% of scientists agree: climate change is real, man-made and dangerous ”

See, the US president LIES.

Joe Biden the US Vice President spAke - Denying Climate Change ‘Almost Like Denying Gravity’

Hey CKD Biden - can you define gravity ?

Climatologists receive money only if they agree with man-made climate change.  The number of scientists openly condemning climate change as a hoax grows every day.


The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has been “adjusting” its record by replacing real temperatures with data “fabricated” by computer models.”

ALL CO2 CAUES GLOBAL WARMING PUNDITS WILL SOON BE IN THE GARBAGE BIN OF WORLD HISTORY- THIS BLOGSITE WILL MAKE A LIST AND PUBLISH IT FOR POSTERITY.  

THE PLANET NEEDS TO RECORD WHO THE SOLD OUT PIMPS WERE.


Catastrophic Anthropogenic Climate Change PROSTITUTES  will NOT be forgotten.






REAL scientists do NOT write the ANSWER first and then work backwards .   No scientific research must be undertaken with an end goal in mind because you will only selectively use the data points that support your preconceived notions.

US federal government spends $23  billion on “global warming” research each and every year .

What is the justification.

They will spend any amount to make India and China mothball their enormous coal reserves—as both do NOT have too much oil/ gas.  

This is the only way to remain as world’s No 1 super power. 

If USA cannot achieve their FOUL goal, both India and China will overtake them.  With 18.2 TRILLION USD national debt they are well on their road to be a third world country.

Not many people understand the political implications. 




If government-funded scientists came out and said “global warming” didn’t exist, their funding would be cut immediately.

The social media is catching on to Al Gore’s lies, but he is not going down without a fight. He still has Rothschild monopolized MAIN STREAM MEDIA support.

Al fuckin’ Gore, has been told to do a job by R—and he plans to do it.  At the same time the social media plans to scuttle him.  Mind you, he has massive HASBARA support.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/hasbara-jewish-propaganda-on-social.html

In 2001, before leaving office as vice president, Gore was worth less than $2 million. Since then, he has grown his wealth to $100 million . . . almost entirely by investing in a handful of “green-tech” companies . . . 14 of which received more than $2.5 billion in loans, grants, tax breaks, and more from the Obama administration. 

GREEN companies give US politicians massive donations for their campaigns . . . and scientists get all the funding they need to keep them.  

Hey, business is boomin'.



In USA if you work for the government and you stand up and say, ‘Man-made climate change is all bullshit’ you can kiss your government job goodbye—and if you do it after getting sacked—you can kiss your ass goodbye.  

ALL THIS HAS TAKEN ON "SIX MILLION JEWS" TYPE LYING PROPORTIONS.

Below: Obama and Romney fighting with each other --as to WHO PRAYS FOR ISRAEL MORE ! TEE HEEEEEE !



GM crops contribute to global warming.   GM crops require synthetic nitrogen fertilizers, which are responsible for more than 65% of total emissions of nitrous oxide (a greenhouse gas nearly 300 times more potent than CO2).   GM crops use high amounts of fossil fuels through the production of synthetic nitrogen fertilizers.



The whole of Baltic sea is swamped by blue-green algae blooms. Nobody wants to put a finger on it. 

This blogsite will !

All this is due to GM crop artificial nitrogen rich fertiliser run offs providing food for cyanobacteria to thrive on.

Artificial fertilisers have KILLED almost all of India’s lakes and aquifers.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/vanishing-lakes-rain-water-harvesting.html


Al Gore’s documentary, An Inconvenient Truth, has been sent to every secondary school in Britain as part of the campaign to indoctrinate young people with the false perception that global warming is caused by human activity – with all the potential that notion has for control, taxation, suppression, international law and centralisation of power. 

WE DO NOT WANT THIS LYING NONSENSE IN INDIA.

Not only is Gore the voice of the carbon-con, he has set up a company to help you buy your carbon neutrality. It’s the London-based Generation Investment Management, which he set up in 2004 with the former chief executive of Goldman Sachs Asset Management, David Blood.

The company is appropriately nicknamed ‘Blood and Gore’.

People who do NOT agree with Al fuckin’ Gore are made out to be worse than 6 MILLION JEWS deniers who will definitely burn in hell.


WE DO NOT WANT AL FUCKIN’  GORE TO COME TO INDIA EVER AGAIN— WITH HIS FOUL PROPAGANDA- 

LAY OFF CKD GORE !




When living mammals breathe out Carbon Dioxide and trees uses it for food— GOD has NOT intended it to be a gas which will destroy the planet.   Only Zionist Jews who GOD IS MONEY are capable of thinking in this immoral manner.


The goals of Kyoto were to see participants collectively reducing emissions of greenhouse gases by 5.2% below the emission levels of 1990 by 2012.    While almost every country in the world has signed the Kyoto Protocol, the signature alone is symbolic; a token gesture of support.   Ratification carries legal obligations and effectively becomes a contractual arrangement.

169 countries have ratified the agreement.  Of the signatories, only 2 refused to ratify Kyoto up until December of 2007 - Australia and the USA.   USA, is currently the largest emitter of carbon dioxide in total of any country.  Australia holds the shameful record for the highest amount of carbon dioxide emissions per person. ( they wont talk about their endlessly farting humpless cows )


The United Nations Climate Change Conference,  will be held in Paris, France in 2015. The conference objective is to achieve a legally binding and universal agreement on climate, from all the nations of the world.

Rothschild has already got his stooges in action using his funded slave NGOs for massive demonstrations SUPPORTING CO2 as a culprit for Global warming.

Al Gore and party want all countries to commit to a legally binding emissions cut of 60% by 2050, with five-yearly reviews, in a Paris Protocol to replace the moribund Kyoto agreement.   

INDIA MUST TELL THEM TO FUCK OFF !  

INDIA WILL CONTINUED BURNING COAL— INDIA WILL NOT MOTHBALL OUR COAL RESERVES .

http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/mar/07/time-to-act-climate-change-protest-london



Now the LYING Zionists have cooked up a new thing. They say POLAR VOREX caused by global warming is causing freezing winters .

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2757831/Is-global-warming-causing-COLDER-winters-Melting-ice-destabilising-polar-vortex-study-claims.html

Excuje pleajje – I have just sprouted long ears !

BBBRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY !





Global warming is another scam BIGGER than the SIX MILLION JEWS scam and the US  Federal Reserve scam.

NOBODY DARES TO POINT OUT THE ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM.

MARNE KA HAI KYA ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/murky-truths-of-inflation-and.html


These are not even theories since no proof is offered, they are just FOUL suggestions to the mass mind, the push for world government taxes and get rich quick political scam by demonizing a life sustaining gas.

Human activity is demonized because almost all human activity produces CO2.  Your breath (especially the non-Jewish non-white skinned breath ) is now the enemy of state, even breathing demonized by the evil ones.

Wind farms are not an efficient way to produce energy. The British Wind Energy Association (BWEA) accepts a figure of 75 per cent back-up power is required



The primary greenhouse gas is water vapor, H2O, and is almost never mentioned by the Rothschild controlled main stream media.   

The earth has trillions of tons of CO2 dissolved in sea water and even more absorbed in rocks, the amount in the sky is miniscule and changes when the temperature of sea water changes. 

Two billion years ago, there was a huge amount of carbon dioxide in the air and carbonate in the oceans. Since then, most of it disappeared. It was converted to calcium carbonate in the oceans and ultimately limestone.

Now there is a shortage.

Today’s CO2 concentration of around 385 ppm is very low compared to most of the earth’s history – we actually live in a carbon-deficient atmosphere

The human addition is slightly rescuing life and the planet by increasing the CO2. For propagandists to claim humans are destroying life and the planet through CO2 couldn't be a bigger fraud.

The ocean is a giant sink for CO2, the colder the water gets the more it will absorb. Carbon dioxide gas is insignificant portion of the atmosphere, it is not causal.

After World War II, there was a huge surge in recorded CO2 emissions but global temperatures fell for four decades after 1940.

CO2 as a driver to warming is pure kosher propaganda. 

CO2 lags, that is what matters, CO2 is NOT a driver.  Read this line a million times.

CO2 molecules in the atmosphere are so diffuse that is impossible for CO2 to cause global warming.   
CO2 is a trace gas measured in parts per million ( PPM )

Human caused warming gas of CO2 is so close to zero that for practical calculations and math --  it is zero. 

The composition of ocean water – including CO2, calcium, and water – can act as a buffering agent in the acidification of the oceans.



In the past oceans have absorbed almost twenty times more CO2 they they are currently absorbing without becoming acidic.

These assertions can be tested and proven valid by doing the following:

Take two plastic buckets and in one place two inches of gravel / crushed shells in the bottom. From any good hydroponics supplier purchase some soluble CO2 tablets and a pH testing kit.

Now fill both buckets with rain water and check the pH of both. Leave for 24 hours and check the pH again. Then start adding the CO2 tablets equally at a rate of between 5-10 at a time. Check the pH throughout this experiment and you will find that no matter how much CO2 you add to the bucket with the gravel, it will always be alkaline when you go back and test it. The other bucket without the gravel will continue to become more and more acidic however.

But don't take my word for it go and test it for yourselves.



Science is corrupted by grant money, hacks deliver predetermined results to the bureaucratic overlords who are herding society into a new Jew order of kosher carbon taxes and the dehumanization of breath.

The so-called New World Order, the drive for a one world government run and owned by Jews is a criminal scheme of Talmudic dominance, and their primary means of enslavement is by selling the Big Lie.

Rothschild controlled Zionist financial elite need to demonize carbon dioxide as a way to sell carbon credits.

Global Warming skeptics are now branded worse than  Holocaust deniers- to be incarcerated and punished..

Global warming is a new Zionist sponsored anti-human death cult, its believers as radical as any religious extremist movement. 

It is a myth that computer models verify that CO2 increases will cause significant global warming because computer models can be made to “verify” anything.  

KITNA MAANGTHA HAI ?  

BOLO TOH ,  ITHNA DAALOON ?



Rising CO2 levels increase plant growth and make plants more resistant to drought and pests

The historical increase in the air’s CO2 content has improved human nutrition by raising crop yields during the past 150 years

The increase of the air’s CO2 content has  helped lengthen human lifespans since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution

The manner in which R controlled US President Barack Obama sidestepped Congress to order emission cuts shows how undemocratic and irrational the entire international decision-making process has become with regards to emission-target setting.

CO2 does not hold in heat !

Oceans regulate the amount of CO2 in the air through absorption equilibrium !!

Measurements are inaccurate !!!

Global warming is based on computer modelling and has had no empirical confirmation !!!!

CO2 is a heavy gas  !!!!!

When Earth warms up, other planets in the Solar system warm up as well !!!!!!!

The Russian Academy of Sciences published a report concluding that the Kyoto Protocol has no scientific grounding at all.  



The COWBOY RIDING POSSE ( the allies/ the coalition / NATO )  must not think that they are the repositories of all knowledge and thinking power.

What is the US Congress worth - who gave a 98-1 vote worth that man-made  Co2 causes global warming ? 

Are they fit to control the fortunes of this plant ?
******************************************************************************
KILLER ALUMINIUM LEACHES IN YOUR FOOD AND BEVERAGE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

EASY MONEY FOR EVIL PHARMA - INJECT ALUMINIUM INTO YOUR FOOD AND DRINK.





BAAAAD CAPTAIN IS JUMPING THE GUN , YET YENATHER TIME ..

WHAT TO DO-

I YAM WHAT I YAM !



CAPTAIN HAS PUT A NEW POST WITHOUT COMPLETING THE PREVIOUS ONE.

TOBA TOBA -

THE REASON IS THAT , THIS COMMENT IS JUST TOO LONG — AND WILL PREVENT YOU FROM PRODUCING STUPID CHILDREN WHO COME LAST IN CLASS  .


SehajBhasin
March 4, 2015 at 11:46 PM
Hi MP,

I hope Capt doesn't mind me answering. I saw on tv that some sweet shop owners use aluminium vark on sweets nowadays as it's cheaper. Aluminium is a kind of slow poison though.

Delete

#############################


hi sb,

you asked me a question- and now i will make a comment which will be No 1 among 47, 500 comments in this blogsite.

ALL NOT SO BRIGHT HILLY BILLY YANKS AND JOHN BULLS LISTEN UP TOO.

Your Coke soda cans have phosphoric acid inside--which leached Aluminium - and that makes you STUPID.  

Electron microscopy has established this Aluminium leaching - but hey, Zionists call the shots , right?.

That is why US Congress gave 30 standing ovations to Benjamin Netanyahu, yesterday - in equal time .
  
Today Forbes rich list has said that Sun Pharma’s Dilip Shanghvi is the richest Indian and  Mukesh Ambani is No 2.

Stupid Indians are celebrating in TOILET PAPER OF INDIAs comments column -- this is how stupid this planet is-- celebrating when EVIL PHARMA gets more money and power .

50 years ago there were only 2 medical shops in Calicut - today they run into thousands.

R controlled World Health Organization declared that  a person can consume 50 mg of aluminum per day without adverse health effects.

THIS IS BULLSH#T !!.

THE HUMAN BODY DOES NOT NEED ALUMINIUM AT ALL.

This WHO lie is an excuse for putting aluminium into various medicines and even vaccines like in—Hepatitis A and B, Hib, DTaP (diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis), pneumococcal vaccine, Gardasil (HPV), etc. 



Drugs, such as antacids, analgesics, anti-diarrheals, additives of magnesium stearate all have Aluminium.

Mind you they have special vaccines for desperately poor third world countries.

Most of our doctors are 85 lakh donation party and they know sh#t.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/sterilisation-deaths-of-13-tribalwomen.html

 Aluminum accumulates in the kidneys, brain, lungs, liver and thyroid where it competes with calcium for absorption and prevents your bones from absorbing minerals  leading to osteoporosis.

Aluminum easily crosses the BLOOD BRAIN BARRIER  increases the effectiveness of cell-destroying oxidation.



Aluminum is to your central nervous system as cigarette smoke is to your lungs.

Aluminium damages brain tissue leading to degenerative disease by producing oxidative stress.  Once aluminum is in your tissues, your body has a tough time releasing it. This toxic metal serves absolutely no biological purpose, so the less of it you ingest, the better.

Once Aluminium gets into your body it piggybacks your iron transport system. It crosses biological barriers that normally keep other types of toxins out.

The EVIL PHARMA knows this very well , since decades.  



This is why they prefer having STUPID 85 lak private medical college DONATION PARTY doctors who cant differentiate between asshole, elbow and breakfast.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-doctors-write-illegible.html

 Aluminum targets your cerebellum and autonomic nervous system—the part responsible for biological processes over which you have no conscious control (breathing, blood pressure, balance, coordination, etc.).

Aluminum impairs your body's ability to excrete toxic metals by impeding your glutathione production, which is THE most important intracellular detoxifier, required for reversing oxidative stress.


Your body requires sulfur to manufacture glutathione.  Sulfur is an important part of many enzymes and in antioxidant molecules like glutathione.  If you don’t have sufficient amounts of sulfur in your body, the enzymes cannot function properly. 






This can cascade into a number of health problems since, without biologically-active enzymes, your metabolic processes cannot function properly. Sulfur enables the transport of oxygen across cell membranes.



Sulfur is essential in enzymes, hormones, nerve tissue and red blood cells. Glutathione, the most important antioxidant in the body, is that place where sulfur and selenium meet up to protect us from cancer.


The white invader told stupid stories about sulphur containing onion /garlic using their FAKE mutts .

We Indians did YOGA and SURYANAMASKAR and chanted OM mantra which eliminated aluminium from our body- the natural way.

Doctors treat aluminum poisoning with deferoxamine mesylate,--with horryfying side effects like- coughing up blood; seizure (convulsions); not pissing at all ,gasping for breath. OK, it may help to remove excess aluminum from the body, but it screws up your innards permanently..

Melatonin can travel freely across all cellular barriers, facilitating the removal of toxic metals such as aluminum. It suppresses the oxidative activity of aluminum in your brain

Cannabis, causes the body to produce extreme amounts of melatonin.  R controlled EVIL PHARMA has suppressed medical Marijuana.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html


People with aluminum toxicity display many of the same symptoms as those with dementia, Parkinson's, ADHD, autism, and other neurological diseases, because aluminum targets exactly these areas of your brain and nervous system.

getting back-

You must NOT use aluminium cookware-- as aluminium leaches into food.

So now they have anodised aluminium--which is still NOT good enough after some use.

Hard-anodizing makes cookware surfaces ultra-smooth that they become "virtually" nonporous--but acidic foods destroy this .

Aluminum leached into food and accumulates in the body, it can lead to osteoporosis and Alzheimer’s

One of the most common signs of excessive aluminum accumulation is hypercalcemia or high calcium levels in the blood.

Calcium plays an important role in contracting muscles, releasing hormones and ensuring that your nerves and brain function properly.

High calcium levels, however, can interfere with these processes.

People who have kidney disease store a lot of aluminum in their bodies.   The kidney disease causes less aluminum to be removed from the body in the urine.

Aluminium foil is only for cold foods--not for grilling etc --as leached aluminium will make food toxic.

Use stainless steel or glass cookware instead of aluminum. Avoid processed and frozen foods and their containers can contain aluminum.  Avoid hygiene products (antacids, deodorant) with aluminum hydroxide,

Aluminum is found in a shocking number of foods and consumer products, including:---
Foods such as baking powder, self rising flour, salt, baby formula, coffee creamers, baked goods and processed foods, coloring and caking agents
Cosmetics and personal care products such as antiperspirants, deodorants (including salt crystals, made of alum), lotions, sunscreens, and shampoos
Aluminum products, including foil, cans, juice pouches, tins, and water bottles.,
So, if your aluminum load is high, your body will potentially become more toxic from the mercury from, say, flu shots and fish because you are now on "aluminum overload" and your detoxification system no longer functions well. 
Antiperspirants containing aluminum chloride, aluminum chlorohydrate, or aluminum-zirconium compounds
Aluminum laminated pouch drinks



People in old age or with kidney problems experience heightened responses to aluminum poisoning. These responses include impaired mental functioning, anemia, muscle weakness and seizures. 
Doctors use various tests, such as a bone biopsy to confirm the body’s aluminum levels.

Never use aluminum pots or cooking utensils. Instead, invest in stainless steel pots and pans.

Inhaling aluminum powder causes pulmonary fibrosis.

Again, the most common signs of excessive aluminum accumulation is hypercalcemia or high calcium levels in the blood. This happens because the presence of aluminum impedes calcium deposition in bone, thus leading to elevated blood calcium levels.

I HAVE SAID THAT MELATONIN CAN TRAVEL FREELY ACROSS ALL CELLULAR BARRIERS AND REMOVE ALUMINIUM .

WHAT FOLLOWS IS CLASSIFIED AS HINDU PAGAN SUPERTSTITION BY THE WHITE INVADER,  R COMMIES, BR AMBEDKAR,  EVR PERIYAR , DHABHOLKAR , PANSARE TYPES.

OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz.  Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Neurotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc   .Your brain goes into the delta range of 1 to 3 Hz range during deep non REM dreamless sleep.

Masters of meditation and the ancient Indian rishis could go into this range easily ( Samadhi ) and still be conscious and aware .  During this delta range the brain is at the lowest frequency but at the highest amplitude.

Theta brain waves are associated with " subconscious mind " --while delta is connected with " unconscious mind " .   When your brain is in the delta range your body heals itself and produces hormones DHEA (de-hydro-epian-andosterone) and melatonin.

The EEG is not sophisticated enough to measure when you are in the delta range.  High DHEA levels due to production by your adrenaline glands means high vitality, energy , immunity and health.

Melatonin is associated with restful sleep. marijuana is accompanied by a dramatic increase in melatonin production may explain some of the drug's positive effects. 

YOGA affects your adenosine triphosphate (ATP) levels needed to help produce glutathione.
Vitamin D increases intracellular glutathione levels . SURYA NAMASKAR is not superstition.
Curcumin ( turmeric ) has a protective effect against aluminum-induced damage by modulating the extent of oxidative stress.  



It also decreases beta-amyloid plaques associated with Alzheimer's, delays neuron degradation, chelates metals, decreases microglia formation, and has an overall anti-inflammatory, antioxidant effect.  Studies have shown that curcumin can help improve memory in Alzheimer's patients.

COCONUT OIL AND TURMERIC WERE COMPULSORY ITEMS IN ANY KERALA CURRY.

Today the white man who wants to keep Alzhiemers , drinks virgin coconut oil straight from a large table spoon.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html
  
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/ayurvedic-massage-and-quantum-medicine.html

The white race is screwed as they have made their cows eat meat . Killer brain disease VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE is just around the corner – the EXTRA LONG incubation time is now getting over. 

The western doctors LIE when they say patients suffer from Alzheimer’s and NOT VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE.

OUR INDIAN 85 LAKH DONATION PARTY DOCTORS , WILL NOT TELL YOU ALL THIS – AS THEY DO NOT HAVE THE CEREBRAL CAPABILITY—THIS USED MONEY POWER AND NOT MERIT/ BRAIN POWER TO BECOME DOCTORS.

Altamas Kabir had done a damn good job for the “donation party” .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/altamas-kabir-worst-chief-justice-of.html




  Grace and peace !






CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
..


NO COUNTRY OR RELIGION CAN MATCH THE JOY,  OUR RIP-ROARING HINDU FESTIVALS DELIVER .

THIS IS THE MEANING OF FULL BLOODED CELEBRATIONS. 

 NOT SOME BULLSHIT DECADENT SEX CHARGED CARNIVALS WITH ALL PRETENDING TO BE HAJAAR HAPPY .

Every time the BENAMI Indian media and the foreign funded Christian missionary NGOs try to  dampen the spirit of the revelers ..

They have even gone to the extent of saying that our army jawans are wasting water by playing Holi.  

Holi is the greatest leveler in India, where an ordinary Jawan can walk up to a General and spray colour on him and the General reciprocates by putting colour on the Jawan and hugging him.

During Holi celebrations there are no caste , gender, age , creed and financial status divides.  All are equal.  These celebrations have been going on for 6000 years . 

It is stress busting time. The atmosphere is electric with fun and joy.  People dance, sing songs and beat drums.

The government does NOT arrest people who had Marijuana or Cannabis ( Bhang ) as long as they are not disruptive.  

Enemies have heart to heart talks and  make up on this day. Holi is celebrated on the day after the full moon in early March and glorifies good harvest and fertility of the land .

 
Holi has NOTHING to do with Radha the FAKE and back dated creation of Rothschild.

BELOW :  LEARN TO CELEBRATE FESTIVALS FROM INDIANS 









LANGOT YAAR - BAAAAAAAAA NO 2





Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is addressing a joint meeting of Congress; here is a complete transcript of his remarks.

NETANYAHU: Thank you.

( HAJAAR  APPLAUSE)

Thank you...

(HAJAAR  APPLAUSE)



... Speaker of the House John Boehner, President Pro Tem Senator Orrin Hatch, Senator Minority -- Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy.

I also want to acknowledge Senator, Democratic Leader Harry Reid. Harry, it's good to see you back on your feet.

(HAJAAR  APPLAUSE)

I guess it's true what they say, you can't keep a good man down.

(  HAJAAR LAUGHTER)

My friends, I'm deeply humbled by the opportunity to speak for a third time before the most important legislative body in the world, the U.S. Congress.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)



I want to thank you all for being here today. I know that my speech has been the subject of much controversy. I deeply regret that some perceive my being here as political. That was never my intention.

I want to thank you, Democrats and Republicans, for your common support for Israel, year after year, decade after decade.

( AP HAJAAR PLAUSE)

I know that no matter on which side of the aisle you sit, you stand with Israel.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)



The remarkable alliance between Israel and the United States has always been above politics. It must always remain above politics.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Because America and Israel, we share a common destiny, the destiny of promised lands that cherish freedom and offer hope. Israel is grateful for the support of American -- of America's people and of America's presidents, from Harry Truman to Barack Obama.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

We appreciate all that President Obama has done for Israel.

Now, some of that is widely known.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Some of that is widely known, like strengthening security cooperation and intelligence sharing, opposing anti-Israel resolutions at the U.N.

Some of what the president has done for Israel is less well- known.

I called him in 2010 when we had the Carmel forest fire, and he immediately agreed to respond to my request for urgent aid.


In 2011, we had our embassy in Cairo under siege, and again, he provided vital assistance at the crucial moment.

Or his support for more missile interceptors during our operation last summer when we took on Hamas terrorists.

( A HAJAAR PPLAUSE)

In each of those moments, I called the president, and he was there.

And some of what the president has done for Israel might never be known, because it touches on some of the most sensitive and strategic issues that arise between an American president and an Israeli prime minister.

But I know it, and I will always be grateful to President Obama for that support.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

And Israel is grateful to you, the American Congress, for your support, for supporting us in so many ways, especially in generous military assistance and missile defense, including Iron Dome.

( HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Last summer, millions of Israelis were protected from thousands of Hamas rockets because this capital dome helped build our Iron Dome.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Thank you, America. Thank you for everything you've done for Israel.

My friends, I've come here today because, as prime minister of Israel, I feel a profound obligation to speak to you about an issue that could well threaten the survival of my country and the future of my people: Iran's quest for nuclear weapons.

We're an ancient people. In our nearly 4,000 years of history, many have tried repeatedly to destroy the Jewish people. Tomorrow night, on the Jewish holiday of Purim, we'll read the Book of Esther. We'll read of a powerful Persian viceroy named Haman, who plotted to destroy the Jewish people some 2,500 years ago. But a courageous Jewish woman, Queen Esther, exposed the plot and gave for the Jewish people the right to defend themselves against their enemies.

The plot was foiled. Our people were saved.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Today the Jewish people face another attempt by yet another Persian potentate to destroy us. Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei spews the oldest hatred, the oldest hatred of anti-Semitism with the newest technology. He tweets that Israel must be annihilated -- he tweets. You know, in Iran, there isn't exactly free Internet. But he tweets in English that Israel must be destroyed.

For those who believe that Iran threatens the Jewish state, but not the Jewish people, listen to Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of Hezbollah, Iran's chief terrorist proxy. He said: If all the Jews gather in Israel, it will save us the trouble of chasing them down around the world.

But Iran's regime is not merely a Jewish problem, any more than the Nazi regime was merely a Jewish problem. The 6 million Jews murdered by the Nazis were but a fraction of the 60 million people killed in World War II. So, too, Iran's regime poses a grave threat, not only to Israel, but also the peace of the entire world. To understand just how dangerous Iran would be with nuclear weapons, we must fully understand the nature of the regime.


The people of Iran are very talented people. They're heirs to one of the world's great civilizations. But in 1979, they were hijacked by religious zealots -- religious zealots who imposed on them immediately a dark and brutal dictatorship.

That year, the zealots drafted a constitution, a new one for Iran. It directed the revolutionary guards not only to protect Iran's borders, but also to fulfill the ideological mission of jihad. The regime's founder, Ayatollah Khomeini, exhorted his followers to "export the revolution throughout the world."

I'm standing here in Washington, D.C. and the difference is so stark. America's founding document promises life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Iran's founding document pledges death, tyranny, and the pursuit of jihad. And as states are collapsing across the Middle East, Iran is charging into the void to do just that.

Iran's goons in Gaza, its lackeys in Lebanon, its revolutionary guards on the Golan Heights are clutching Israel with three tentacles of terror. Backed by Iran, Assad is slaughtering Syrians. Back by Iran, Shiite militias are rampaging through Iraq. Back by Iran, Houthis are seizing control of Yemen, threatening the strategic straits at the mouth of the Red Sea. Along with the Straits of Hormuz, that would give Iran a second choke-point on the world's oil supply.

Just last week, near Hormuz, Iran carried out a military exercise blowing up a mock U.S. aircraft carrier. That's just last week, while they're having nuclear talks with the United States. But unfortunately, for the last 36 years, Iran's attacks against the United States have been anything but mock. And the targets have been all too real.

Iran took dozens of Americans hostage in Tehran, murdered hundreds of American soldiers, Marines, in Beirut, and was responsible for killing and maiming thousands of American service men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Beyond the Middle East, Iran attacks America and its allies through its global terror network. It blew up the Jewish community center and the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires. It helped Al Qaida bomb U.S. embassies in Africa. It even attempted to assassinate the Saudi ambassador, right here in Washington, D.C.

In the Middle East, Iran now dominates four Arab capitals, Baghdad, Damascus, Beirut and Sanaa. And if Iran's aggression is left unchecked, more will surely follow.

So, at a time when many hope that Iran will join the community of nations, Iran is busy gobbling up the nations.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

We must all stand together to stop Iran's march of conquest, subjugation and terror.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)


Now, two years ago, we were told to give President Rouhani and Foreign Minister Zarif a chance to bring change and moderation to Iran. Some change! Some moderation!

Rouhani's government hangs gays, persecutes Christians, jails journalists and executes even more prisoners than before.

Last year, the same Zarif who charms Western diplomats laid a wreath at the grave of Imad Mughniyeh. Imad Mughniyeh is the terrorist mastermind who spilled more American blood than any other terrorist besides Osama bin Laden. I'd like to see someone ask him a question about that.

Iran's regime is as radical as ever, its cries of "Death to America," that same America that it calls the "Great Satan," as loud as ever.

Now, this shouldn't be surprising, because the ideology of Iran's revolutionary regime is deeply rooted in militant Islam, and that's why this regime will always be an enemy of America.

Don't be fooled. The battle between Iran and ISIS doesn't turn Iran into a friend of America.

Iran and ISIS are competing for the crown of militant Islam. One calls itself the Islamic Republic. The other calls itself the Islamic State. Both want to impose a militant Islamic empire first on the region and then on the entire world. They just disagree among themselves who will be the ruler of that empire.

In this deadly game of thrones, there's no place for America or for Israel, no peace for Christians, Jews or Muslims who don't share the Islamist medieval creed, no rights for women, no freedom for anyone.

So when it comes to Iran and ISIS, the enemy of your enemy is your enemy.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)


The difference is that ISIS is armed with butcher knives, captured weapons and YouTube, whereas Iran could soon be armed with intercontinental ballistic missiles and nuclear bombs. We must always remember -- I'll say it one more time -- the greatest dangers facing our world is the marriage of militant Islam with nuclear weapons. To defeat ISIS and let Iran get nuclear weapons would be to win the battle, but lose the war. We can't let that happen.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE) 



But that, my friends, is exactly what could happen, if the deal now being negotiated is accepted by Iran. That deal will not prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. It would all but guarantee that Iran gets those weapons, lots of them.

Let me explain why. While the final deal has not yet been signed, certain elements of any potential deal are now a matter of public record. You don't need intelligence agencies and secret information to know this. You can Google it.

Absent a dramatic change, we know for sure that any deal with Iran will include two major concessions to Iran.

The first major concession would leave Iran with a vast nuclear infrastructure, providing it with a short break-out time to the bomb. Break-out time is the time it takes to amass enough weapons-grade uranium or plutonium for a nuclear bomb.

According to the deal, not a single nuclear facility would be demolished. Thousands of centrifuges used to enrich uranium would be left spinning. Thousands more would be temporarily disconnected, but not destroyed.

Because Iran's nuclear program would be left largely intact, Iran's break-out time would be very short -- about a year by U.S. assessment, even shorter by Israel's.

And if -- if Iran's work on advanced centrifuges, faster and faster centrifuges, is not stopped, that break-out time could still be shorter, a lot shorter.

True, certain restrictions would be imposed on Iran's nuclear program and Iran's adherence to those restrictions would be supervised by international inspectors. But here's the problem. You see, inspectors document violations; they don't stop them.

Inspectors knew when North Korea broke to the bomb, but that didn't stop anything. North Korea turned off the cameras, kicked out the inspectors. Within a few years, it got the bomb.

Now, we're warned that within five years North Korea could have an arsenal of 100 nuclear bombs.

Like North Korea, Iran, too, has defied international inspectors. It's done that on at least three separate occasions -- 2005, 2006, 2010. Like North Korea, Iran broke the locks, shut off the cameras.


Now, I know this is not gonna come a shock -- as a shock to any of you, but Iran not only defies inspectors, it also plays a pretty good game of hide-and-cheat with them.

The U.N.'s nuclear watchdog agency, the IAEA, said again yesterday that Iran still refuses to come clean about its military nuclear program. Iran was also caught -- caught twice, not once, twice -- operating secret nuclear facilities in Natanz and Qom, facilities that inspectors didn't even know existed.

Right now, Iran could be hiding nuclear facilities that we don't know about, the U.S. and Israel. As the former head of inspections for the IAEA said in 2013, he said, "If there's no undeclared installation today in Iran, it will be the first time in 20 years that it doesn't have one." Iran has proven time and again that it cannot be trusted. And that's why the first major concession is a source of great concern. It leaves Iran with a vast nuclear infrastructure and relies on inspectors to prevent a breakout. That concession creates a real danger that Iran could get to the bomb by violating the deal.

But the second major concession creates an even greater danger that Iran could get to the bomb by keeping the deal. Because virtually all the restrictions on Iran's nuclear program will automatically expire in about a decade.

Now, a decade may seem like a long time in political life, but it's the blink of an eye in the life of a nation. It's a blink of an eye in the life of our children. We all have a responsibility to consider what will happen when Iran's nuclear capabilities are virtually unrestricted and all the sanctions will have been lifted. Iran would then be free to build a huge nuclear capacity that could product many, many nuclear bombs.

Iran's Supreme Leader says that openly. He says, Iran plans to have 190,000 centrifuges, not 6,000 or even the 19,000 that Iran has today, but 10 times that amount -- 190,000 centrifuges enriching uranium. With this massive capacity, Iran could make the fuel for an entire nuclear arsenal and this in a matter of weeks, once it makes that decision.

My long-time friend, John Kerry, Secretary of State, confirmed last week that Iran could legitimately possess that massive centrifuge capacity when the deal expires.

Now I want you to think about that. The foremost sponsor of global terrorism could be weeks away from having enough enriched uranium for an entire arsenal of nuclear weapons and this with full international legitimacy.

And by the way, if Iran's Intercontinental Ballistic Missile program is not part of the deal, and so far, Iran refuses to even put it on the negotiating table. Well, Iran could have the means to deliver that nuclear arsenal to the far-reach corners of the earth, including to every part of the United States.

So you see, my friends, this deal has two major concessions: one, leaving Iran with a vast nuclear program and two, lifting the restrictions on that program in about a decade. That's why this deal is so bad. It doesn't block Iran's path to the bomb; it paves Iran's path to the bomb.

So why would anyone make this deal? Because they hope that Iran will change for the better in the coming years, or they believe that the alternative to this deal is worse?

Well, I disagree. I don't believe that Iran's radical regime will change for the better after this deal. This regime has been in power for 36 years, and its voracious appetite for aggression grows with each passing year. This deal would wet appetite -- would only wet Iran's appetite for more.

Would Iran be less aggressive when sanctions are removed and its economy is stronger? If Iran is gobbling up four countries right now while it's under sanctions, how many more countries will Iran devour when sanctions are lifted? Would Iran fund less terrorism when it has mountains of cash with which to fund more terrorism?

Why should Iran's radical regime change for the better when it can enjoy the best of both world's: aggression abroad, prosperity at home?

This is a question that everyone asks in our region. Israel's neighbors -- Iran's neighbors know that Iran will become even more aggressive and sponsor even more terrorism when its economy is unshackled and it's been given a clear path to the bomb.

And many of these neighbors say they'll respond by racing to get nuclear weapons of their own. So this deal won't change Iran for the better; it will only change the Middle East for the worse. A deal that's supposed to prevent nuclear proliferation would instead spark a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous part of the planet.

This deal won't be a farewell to arms. It would be a farewell to arms control. And the Middle East would soon be crisscrossed by nuclear tripwires. A region where small skirmishes can trigger big wars would turn into a nuclear tinderbox.

If anyone thinks -- if anyone thinks this deal kicks the can down the road, think again. When we get down that road, we'll face a much more dangerous Iran, a Middle East littered with nuclear bombs and a countdown to a potential nuclear nightmare.

Ladies and gentlemen, I've come here today to tell you we don't have to bet the security of the world on the hope that Iran will change for the better. We don't have to gamble with our future and with our children's future.

We can insist that restrictions on Iran's nuclear program not be lifted for as long as Iran continues its aggression in the region and in the world.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Before lifting those restrictions, the world should demand that Iran do three things. First, stop its aggression against its neighbors in the Middle East. Second...

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Second, stop supporting terrorism around the world.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

And third, stop threatening to annihilate my country, Israel, the one and only Jewish state.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Thank you.



If the world powers are not prepared to insist that Iran change its behavior before a deal is signed, at the very least they should insist that Iran change its behavior before a deal expires.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

If Iran changes its behavior, the restrictions would be lifted. If Iran doesn't change its behavior, the restrictions should not be lifted.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

If Iran wants to be treated like a normal country, let it act like a normal country.


(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

My friends, what about the argument that there's no alternative to this deal, that Iran's nuclear know-how cannot be erased, that its nuclear program is so advanced that the best we can do is delay the inevitable, which is essentially what the proposed deal seeks to do?

Well, nuclear know-how without nuclear infrastructure doesn't get you very much. A racecar driver without a car can't drive. A pilot without a plan can't fly. Without thousands of centrifuges, tons of enriched uranium or heavy water facilities, Iran can't make nuclear weapons.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Iran's nuclear program can be rolled back well-beyond the current proposal by insisting on a better deal and keeping up the pressure on a very vulnerable regime, especially given the recent collapse in the price of oil.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)



Now, if Iran threatens to walk away from the table -- and this often happens in a Persian bazaar -- call their bluff. They'll be back, because they need the deal a lot more than you do.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

And by maintaining the pressure on Iran and on those who do business with Iran, you have the power to make them need it even more.

My friends, for over a year, we've been told that no deal is better than a bad deal. Well, this is a bad deal. It's a very bad deal. We're better off without it.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Now we're being told that the only alternative to this bad deal is war. That's just not true.

The alternative to this bad deal is a much better deal.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)



A better deal that doesn't leave Iran with a vast nuclear infrastructure and such a short break-out time. A better deal that keeps the restrictions on Iran's nuclear program in place until Iran's aggression ends.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

A better deal that won't give Iran an easy path to the bomb. A better deal that Israel and its neighbors may not like, but with which we could live, literally. And no country...

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

... no country has a greater stake -- no country has a greater stake than Israel in a good deal that peacefully removes this threat.

Ladies and gentlemen, history has placed us at a fateful crossroads. We must now choose between two paths. One path leads to a bad deal that will at best curtail Iran's nuclear ambitions for a while, but it will inexorably lead to a nuclear-armed Iran whose unbridled aggression will inevitably lead to war.

The second path, however difficult, could lead to a much better deal, that would prevent a nuclear-armed Iran, a nuclearized Middle East and the horrific consequences of both to all of humanity.

You don't have to read Robert Frost to know. You have to live life to know that the difficult path is usually the one less traveled, but it will make all the difference for the future of my country, the security of the Middle East and the peace of the world, the peace, we all desire.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE) 



My friend, standing up to Iran is not easy. Standing up to dark and murderous regimes never is. With us today is Holocaust survivor and Nobel Prize winner Elie Wiesel.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Elie, your life and work inspires to give meaning to the words, "never again."

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

And I wish I could promise you, Elie, that the lessons of history have been learned. I can only urge the leaders of the world not to repeat the mistakes of the past.

(HAJAAR  APPLAUSE)

Not to sacrifice the future for the present; not to ignore aggression in the hopes of gaining an illusory peace.

But I can guarantee you this, the days when the Jewish people remained passive in the face of genocidal enemies, those days are over.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

We are no longer scattered among the nations, powerless to defend ourselves. We restored our sovereignty in our ancient home. And the soldiers who defend our home have boundless courage. For the first time in 100 generations, we, the Jewish people, can defend ourselves.

(  HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

This is why -- this is why, as a prime minister of Israel, I can promise you one more thing: Even if Israel has to stand alone, Israel will stand.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

But I know that Israel does not stand alone. I know that America stands with Israel.

(HAJAAR  APPLAUSE)

I know that you stand with Israel.

(HAJAAR  APPLAUSE)

You stand with Israel, because you know that the story of Israel is not only the story of the Jewish people but of the human spirit that refuses again and again to succumb to history's horrors.

(HAJAAR APPLAUSE)

Facing me right up there in the gallery, overlooking all of us in this (inaudible) chamber is the image of Moses. Moses led our people from slavery to the gates of the Promised Land.


And before the people of Israel entered the land of Israel, Moses gave us a message that has steeled our resolve for thousands of years. I leave you with his message today, (SPEAKING IN HEBREW), "Be strong and resolute, neither fear nor dread them."

My friends, may Israel and America always stand together, strong and resolute. May we neither fear nor dread the challenges ahead. May we face the future with confidence, strength and hope.

May God bless the state of Israel and may God bless the United States of America.

(  HAJAAR APPLAUSE)



Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you all.

You're wonderful.

Thank you, America. Thank you.
******************************************************************************
PROTESTANT CHRISTIANITY CREATED BY JEWS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


When the Catholic Pope did an Inquisition in India ( Goa ) , what did we Hindus do ?

We MOANED and allowed the Pope to shit all over our collective faces .

Check out my post below exhuming the Inquisition held by Saint Francis Xavier.



In 1498 Vasco Da Gama landed up at a beautiful beach ( Kappad- above exact spot  ) in my hometown Calicut.   



On May 6th 1542, St Francis Xavier of the Jesuit order of Ignatius Loyola , at the young age of 36,  landed at Goa, after a 13 month ardous voyage round the Cape of Good Hope-- under orders of King of Portugal Joao III.

In 1545 Francis Xavier, frustrated that he could NOT convert Hindus -- wrote to Rome ( this letter is preserved ) and to the King —

QUOTE “ The Hindus are an unholy race. They are liars and cheats to the very backbone. Their idols are black—as black as black can be— ugly and horrible to look at , smeared with oil and smell in a evil manner. “—UNQUOTE

The Pope then formally ordered the Portugese Inquisition fo Goa , which ran from 1516 to 1812. The rest of Europe had terminated the Inquisition in 1774.

20,000 Hindus were tortured and killed – just because we belonged to a different faith—and that too in our own country.

Brutal methods used were – To tear off the tongues--  To blind the victim with sharp sticks or red-hot iron spikes-- The pulling of the flesh with pliers-- The skinning of the accused alive-- quartering (in which the victims intestines would be pulled from the body) and impaling, in which a stake would be hammered through the victim’s body avoiding the vital organs, resulting in a slow death that could last for hours or days. 



A sharp iron fork was used to mangle breasts. Red hot pincers were used to tear off flesh. Red hot irons were inserted up vaginas and rectums. A device named the turcas was used to tear out fingernails. After the nails were ripped out needles were shoved in. Boots called bootikens were used to lacerate flesh and crush bone. Thumbscrews were used to crush the fingers and toes. 



Acid was poured on victims and hands were immersed into pots of boiling oil and water. Eyes were gouged out by irons. Alcohol was poured on the head of the poor victim and set alight. Water was poured down the victims throat with a knotted cloth. The cloth was then jerked out tearing up the victims bowels.

There was no limit to the types and cruelty of the tortures. The inquisition meant anything was allowed. The inquisitors were sadistic and mentally disturbed. An "Inquisition" was supposed to be a legal inquiry by the church.

After the poor victims confessed to things they never did more torture was to follow. On the way to the stake or gallows victims were flogged, burned, branded and had their hands and tongues hacked off.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

After I exhumed this Inquisition even Wikipedia has accepted it.

Well lesser things happened to the Jews in Europe.

Yet the Jews rallied collectively , and paid back with HUNDRED TIMES force.

It was NOT a knee jerk reaction.

They plotted centuries  in advance and gave it back on their own timetable  or a turf of their choice. 

Our APCO branded PM Modi is unable to plan 2 decades in advance  .

The Jews pulverized the mighty Catholic Spanish empire in such a covert manner that even today nobody knows how they achieved their end with amazing DECEIT and GUILE using CRYPTO JEWS.

They manoevred a crypto Jew Theodore Roosevelt who held two terms as US president and also became the youngest President ever.  

Theodore Roosevelt ancestor's name who came to America was  a Jew Claes Van Rosenvelt from Holland, who arrived at Boston in 1645 and settled down in New York. 

His great ancestor Jew Rossacampo was driven away from Spain during the Spanish Inquisition by the Alhambra decree in Jan 1492, and he later settled down in Holland .

78,000 Jews were driven out of Spain, which the modern Jews have inflated to 300, 000-- as usual . The Catholic Monarchs King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella acted on 31st March 1492, after a decree from the Pope -- also known as Papal bull.

Now can your believe this? 400 years later German Jew Rothschild avenged the Jews and punished the Spaniards using their stooge in USA Theodore Roosevelt—dismembering – nay- destroying the glorious Spanish Empire.



Theodore Roosevelt was groomed from a very young age. His father was the Opium agent of Rothschild , using a glass company as a front. The Spanish Empire was the first truly global empire, reaching its territorial colonial height in the late 1700s

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/explosion-on-ss-maine-grooming-of.html

THE CRAFTY JEWS WOULD USE A SEX MANIAC ENGLISH KING HENRY VIII AS A PAWN AND WEDGE OUT 42% OF CATHOLIC CHRISTIANITY TO FORM  A NEW PROTESTANT CHRISTIANITY RELIGION.  

TODAY THERE ARE 8 100 000 PROTESTANT CHRISTIANS  ON THE PLANET .

I have written posts about three main characters – King Henry VIII and his two Queen daughters Catholic Mary 1 and Protestant Elizabeth 1 already.    Read about them in the posts below . I will dwell on them in greater detail in this post .

I have yet to introduce a KEY character who has never been exhumed – a crypto Jew named Thomas Cromwell.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/mary-mary-quite-contrary-bloody-mary.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

And how the Irish Catholics were the FIRST slaves of the Jews –  much before black Africans and Indian Indentured labour.    Jew retribution to anybody who supported the Pope was most severe.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/02/the-charge-of-light-brigade-exhuming.html

Crypto Jew Thomas Cromwell with King Henry’s support ( quoting the cooked up THE BLACK BOOK -- sexual perversions / pagan worship of nuns and male clergy ) would destroy almost all the Catholic  monasteries and abbeys in England - built with the enormous wealth of Templar Knights ..   

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/secret-excavations-at-jerusalem-by.html









































Later Thomas Cromwell’s descendant crypto Jew Oliver Cromwell would allow Jews back to England. 

Oliver Cromwell is well known to all John Bulls.

LET ME WRITE THE EPILOGUE OF THE EXTRA LONG POST NOW ITSELF.

All these broadsides against Catholic Christianity served only the purpose of revenge. For today the Protestant Christian HATES the quintessential Jew more than the Catholic.

The reason ?

Jews have stereo typed themselves.

Let us say there are two side to a coin.

SIDE A - THERE WAS THIS HONEST,  COMPASSIONATE AND HARD WORKING JEW WORKING IN A COAL MINE---

SIDE B - THERE WAS THIS UNGRATEFUL, DISHONEST , SLIMY MONEY LENDING JEW WHO CHARGED HIGH INTEREST RATES ON VULNERABLE AND POOR PEOPLE --

DO I NEED TO SPELL IT OUT , WHICH IMAGE FITS THE JEW ?  

DO YOU THINK ANYBODY ON THIS PLANET WILL MAKE A MISTAKE -   UNLESS THEY ARE JUMPING JACK US CONGRESSMEN GIVING STANDING OVATIONS IN THE US SENATE?

We in Kerala gave refuge to the Jew for 2500 years . But what did he do ?

He created covert CRYPTO Jews -- 

Maharashtrian Chitpavan Jews and Kerala Syrian Jews-- chained Bharatmata  and stole all her wealth in 200 years flat  .   

Now we have a Israel darling and APCO branded PM sucking up to langot yaar BAAAAAAA No 2 .

Jews from Jerusalem came to Kerala , India in 721 BC ( Assyrian invasion ) and settled in Kodungallur the cultural centre of our Calicut king and in Calicut , where they ran a Jootangadi ( Jew market ). 

In 587 BC Nebuchadnazzar destroyed the Temple of Solomon after a 2 year siege of Jerusalem, --fearing slavery, shiploads of Jews landed at Calicut, and settled at Cochin.

Jew Jesus Christ was at Calicut University at Kodungallur ( Cranganore – Murzris ) for 3 years learning astrology, meditation, Reiki healing, dowsing before he went to visit pyramids in Egypt with wife Mary Magdalene .  He then suddenly burst upon the scene at Jerusalem, upsetting everybody .



St Thomas ( of doubting fame ) landed here in Muziris in 52 AD to build a church for the Jews
In 72 AD more than 10000 jews by 72 AD fled from the persecution of Roman Emperor Titus and landed in Muziris .

More jews landed after 135 AD due to the Judean Bar Kokhba war.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/bar-kokhba-in-fight-to-finish-over.html

By 345 AD , more than 400 Nasrani Syrian Christians ( crypto Jews ) landed here for refuge in 3 ships along with Mar Joseph — a bishop and settled down at Kodungalloor... 



Why did the Jew come running to Kerala half way across the planet ( by ship ) ?  Because Judaism religion was created by a bunch of disgraced Namboodiris in Palisthan ( Palestine )- a place which India ruled ( benevolent rule –only giving , never taking ) for thousands of years .

When the Catholic Portuguese destroyed their synagogues in Calicut and Kodungallur, they resettled in Mattanchery Kochi.

 In 1947, when India became independent, as per the census there were 2400 PURE Bene Israel Jews around the synagogue at Mattacherry ( Cochin ) in Kerala.   All of the could speak perfect Malayalam, but still observed their customs including Sabbath and passover feast.

St Thomas came to Kerala after Jesus died-- rather he was told to go to Kerala . Jesus sent Peter to Vatican where a massive Shiva temple existed.

Thomas  built the second church on this planet at Kodungallur--where the second mosque on this planet also exists.

When Thomas came to Kerala there was NO Christianity yet .

St Thomas converted few Jews in Kerala to Christianity -- they call themselves St Thomas Christians . 
In 345 AD ,  more than 400 Nasrani Crypto Jews had come to Kerala from Antioch ( Syria ) --and these converted Jews are the modern Kerala Syrian Christians ( Knanaya /Jacobite ).

St Thomas Christians like to claim that they are descendants of Namboodiris -- they are NOT.

Ahmad ibn Mājid was an Omani DEEP SEA pilot employed by the King of Calicut Zamorin.  His father and grandfather too was employed by the Calicut King.

Ibn Majid piloted Vasco Da Gama’s ship from Malindi ( Kenya ) to Calicut.  Vasco Da Gama was NOT such a great navigator as made out to be. From Portugal to Malindi he came hugging the African coast .

Ibn Majid was stationed in Malindi in advance by a Bene Israel Jew agent Gaspar who spoke Portuguese, Spanish, Malayalam, Konkani , English , Arabic and may other languages –without telling the Calicut king. 



Those days efficient and fast communications took place using pigeons.



When Vasco Da Gama arrived Calicut the King was away on a pilgrimage in elephant back to Guruvayoor temple. When the King came back to Calicut this Jew acted as the translator. 



Gaspar went to Lisbon with Vasco Da Gama , giving inside information thus paving the way for Portugal to take over Goa.  The King of Portugal Jao iii knew that the King of Calicut did NOT get along with the king of Cochin and Arab Muslims were the Calicut King’s trusted middle men . 



In  1500 Gaspar Gama sailed with with Pedra Alvarez Cabral, and discovered Brazil.




The Calicut king had been exporting spices to Constantinople for millenniums.  


The spices went by the King’s ships till Aden ( Yemen )/ Salala ( Oman ) . 



From there the goods went by camel caravan via Mecca Oasis where a Calicut King's customs/ free trade post and a Shiva temple owned by the Calicut King existed . 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/vedic-practises-in-mecca-ajit-vadakayil.html



Once the goods reached Constantinople ( Turkey )  – European ships owned by Marrano crypto Jews took it away . 

Pope used a MAD unkempt monk named Peter the Hermit to whip up the crusades. This intense personality always dressed up in rags and walked barefooted, even in the cold, and was an enigma. He send him to Jerusalem and then called him back , to make a couple of shocking announcements ( LIES ).

Peter the Hermit , the perfect rabble rouser , went around riding a donkey, and told the people that the Muslim Religion was posing a threat to the Christians, and gave bullshit about Christians getting massacred and tortured in Jerusalem, while actually all religions were co-existing peacefully there.

He declared that he had seen the Holy Grail, which contained Jesus’s blood, (collected at the crucifixion by Joseph of Arimathea)  and also the wooden cross on which Jesus was crucified—whipping up passion that it must be retrieved from Muslim ruled Jerusalem –and God had willed it in a meeting with him. 

He crossed the Alps and whipped up passions in other European countries too.

Pope could NOT carry out the crusades and grab unlimited 3 pronged power ( spiritual/ military/ financial ) unless the Catholic Kings of England, France , Germany, Italy , and Spain played ball—and provided the money power and the man power.

So he brainwashed them into considering , about how to get out of the Dark ages for ever.

He told the French king about controlling the spice routes to Constantinope. Constantinope was the outlet hub port for spices from Calicut , Kerala , India . 

How right he was-- todays Black Nobility are the families who made a fantastic fortune out of spice trade from my hometown Calicut via Constantinople and Jerusalem.. But it was the Crypto Jews who grabbed the spice / diamond money. 

In those days Constantinope was under the Byzantine Eastern orthodox church. They did NOT recognise the Pope.  Jerusalem was under the Muslim rule. Both places prospered under the spice trade.

So the European kings were very much impressed by a plan to usurp Constantinople and Jerusalem in one shot.   

All are happy.   

People get their holy grail, Kings gets their moolah and Pope grabs his 3 pronged supreme power. 

But this dirty plan killed more Christians than Muslims on the final count after 9 crusades. Jerusalem was usurped in the FIRST CRUSADE. The Crusaders killed only the Jews and Muslims.

 FIRST CRUSADE ( 1097 TO 1099 ) CALLED BY POPE  URBAN 2-   Peter the Hermit went around the country side having his own passionate meetings, where he told the naïve people that  God has requested him to ensure that the Muslims in Jerusalem are driven out.  

He produced a letter written by God and delivered to him personally by Jesus—this fancy letter was cooked up by Pope Urban 2. Pope Urban 2 held his own meeting in Clermont, attended by more than 200 bishops on 27th Nov 1095. 

He said that it was God’s will that Christians should go to Jerusalem and fight. All those who fought and killed Muslims in Jerusalem would be assured a place in heaven . 

God had even willed robbers and criminals to fight the Holy war or Crusade at Jerusalem, for which their past sins would be forgiven.

So the first to jump into the fray were the thieves and criminals. They found a golden opportunity to rape and plunder at will, sanctioned by God. 

Pope Urban 2 shouted again and again “ DEUS LO VOLT!!” – God wills it— and whipped up a frenzy,  never seen before. God would be their guide and they would set off by summer. 

A great army of 110000 , mainly French peasants set of on 15th Aug 1096,  screaming “Deus Lo Volt!” .  


A lot of the army saw this as their only way to heaven. All of them wore on their right shoulder an emblem of the cross. Nobles in England, Italy and France send their knights and their money to finance the crusade.  There were more than 10000 knights. 

Godfroi de Bouillon was the military leader and Peter the Hermit was the spiritual leader. 

Godfroi was promised to be crowned the King of Jerusalem, so he renounced his fiefs and sold everything back home and set out.  He did NOT intend to return back. For food this army stole and pillaged on the way. On the way to Jerusalem Peter the hermit stayed back to scout around at Constantinope . 

Jews and Muslims fought together SHOULDER TO SHOULDER to defend Jerusalem against this Catholic Christian army.  

Can you believe this? 

Jerusalem fell on July 15th 1099  . . By this time only 50000 of the army remained, due to an engagement with Turks and the siege at Antioch. 

For some unknown reason they disemboweled EVERY SINGLE Muslim and Jew—men, women and children , 72000 of them. The blood was knee deep, inside King Solomons temple. 

By 1143, the Templars had become the exclusive military arm of the Papacy, and remained a powerful force in Outremer even after the fall of Jerusalem to Saladin in 1187.

THE CRYPTO JEWS NOW CREATED THEIR OWN PETER THE HERMIT –  A CRAZY GERMAN CATHOLIC MONK BY THE NAME OF MARTIN LUTHER—  WHO WOULD BE THOUSAND TIMES MORE POTENT THAN THE CRAZY PETER THE HERMIT CREATED BY THE POPE . 

THIS MAN MARTIN LUTHER WAS USED TO EXPOSE THE UNDERBELLY OF THE CATHOLIC POPE AND VATICAN .  

AND LATER ANOTHER CRYPTO JEW THOMAS CROMWELL WOULD USE KING HENRY VIII TO DELIVER SUCH A DEADLY BLOW TO CATHOLIC CHRISTIANITY – THAT INQUISITIONS OF JEWS WERE A PIECE OF CAKE.



MUCH LATER ROTHSCHILD WOULD CREATE A BLACK MAN NAMED MICHAEL KING , JUST LIKE HOW HE CREATED GANDHI — 

TO ALLOW THE AGGRESSOR WHITE MAN TO SHIT ON THE FACES OF THEIR LONG OPPRESSED AND ENSLAVED PEOPLE  – THE BLACKS AND THE BROWN SKINNED RACE –   ALL IN THE NAME OF “NON VIOLENCE” .



PSYCHOPATHS ALWAYS LEAVE A “SIGNATURE” –  IT IS PROGRAMMED IN THEIR DNA-  

SO MICHAEL KINGs NAME WAS CHANGED TO MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.




TODAY ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED MEDIA  AND THE WHITE MAN , FEEDS THE THIRD WORLD WITH DOLLOPS OF GANDHI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING JR EVERY DAY  - 

Below:   Why did NOT the thieving white oppressor learn anything from Gandhi -- was Gandhi's message  only for the dark skinned who were raped by the whites ?   Chakkar Kya hai Bhaiyya ? 



TO KEEP THEIR “NON VIOLENCE AGAINST EVIL FOREIGN WHITE SKINNED OPPRESSORS”  LEGACY ALIVE.



For the first 1,000 years of the Church's history there were no schisms.  

At this time, all Christians were members of the universal Christian Church.  The Greek word for universal is translated into English as the word 'Catholic'.

The Jews having been persecuted by the Catholic church were biding their time.  They emerged on a devious long term plan. 

First they had to put concrete plans in place - almost like writing a company manual and vetting its approval , before floating the modern day company.

The Jews did it twice-  MOONH TODH JAWAAB !

First to wedge away Eastern Orthodox Christianity a thousand years ago — 





--the Pope in Rome retaliated and taught them a severe lesson with the Templar Knight crusades and subsequent Inquisitions

Jew went underground and hit back again HARDER after 500 years – this time as CRYPTO Jews .

They wedged away the Protestant Christianity faction-which literally brought the Pope in Rome down on his knees  .

Both Eastern Orthodox and Protestants told the Catholic Pope in Rome where to get off.  Jews send a message , if you hit us hard , we hit back a thousand times harder.

I ASK, COULD THE HINDU  EVER HAVE DONE THIS –  SUCH DEVIOUS PLANNING DONE CENTURIES IN ADVANCE ?

The first major schism of the Christian Church happened in 1054 when the Eastern half of the Church split from the Western half.   

This resulted in the Catholic Church continuing as before under the Pope.   But the Eastern Church rejected obedience to the Pope as the Supreme Head of the Christian Church .   They rejected a middleman between them and Jesus.

There was too much culture difference .  Pope resided in Rome ( Italy ). But Constantinople ( Turkey) was now a city far richer and more important than Rome due being the HUB of spices from Calicut my hometown and diamonds from India.  

Those days diamonds were available only in India.  The trading/ money lending monopoly Jews held all the money even in those days .

People in the Western Church spoke Latin. People in the Eastern Church spoke Greek.

Today a big percentage of the Christian world is Eastern Orthodox.



The second major schism in Christianity occurred in 1517 in North Western Europe .   

A false flag event triggered by the Jews , to punish the Catholic Pope - using a BRIBED , crazy ( hit by lightning) German clergyman named Martin Luther .  Catholic Vatican was accused of corruption and the Pope was accused of being high handed  .



Jews were behind both major schisms.

After that the Jews have splintered Christianity into thousands of pieces – single handedly without anybody even getting a whiff.   They monopolized the media  –  and it was a piece of cake. 



Wikipedia has listed 41,000 splinters- actually there are much more.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Christian_denominations




To DIVIDE AND RULE German Jew Rothschild, the owner of British East India company splintered Hinduism into hundreds of splinters -  all at loggerheads with each other .  

Some Hindu Samaj will praise the Vedas and condemn temples --   while another Samaj will condemn Vedas and praise Shiva / Brahma / Vishnu.  He made Shaivites and Vaishnavites hate each other .

He created FAKE poison injected stories about how Brahma ,Vishnu and Shiva constantly fought with each other , screwing each others wives behind their backs.  

--how Shiva used to roam around nude through Deodhar forest with an erect prick and how the wives of the Sapta rishis ran after him glazed with lust dropping their clothes behind them—and how this disturbed the meditation of the seven Maharishis. All this when Shiva/ Vishnu / Brahma and the Sapt Rishis are cosmic allegories 

Some of the splintered groups like Veera Shaiva Lingayaths even stopped cremating their dead (as per the tenets of Sanatana Dharma)  and started burying their dead- which made them Hindus no more. 

Jew Rothschild created dozens of FAKE mutts , to persecute the dalits – to alienate them .  This German Jew Rothschild  cultivated stooges like EVR Periyar and BR Ambedkar to make the dalits go against Bharatmata .  When India became independent they mourned- while the rest of India celebrated..  

He made temples sacrifice animals using his FAKE mutts to make the Hindu self loathing. He called Shiva a corpse eater Aghori. He created FAKE stories to brand the Hindu a sex starved depraved and debauched vermin. He created Virgins married to GOD after their first menses so that the white invader soldier can screw them FREE in whore houses .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/kamasutra-by-vatsayana-immoral-sexual.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/ashwamedha-yagam-bloodless-sacrifice.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

Below: APNA GUJJU BHAI GANDHIJI NE CHARKHA GHUMAAKE,  HUMKO AAZAADI DILWAAYA !



MODI SAAB, CHINESE PRESIDENT XI - IS NOT A BABE IN THE WOODS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

NOR IS PUTIN !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html




Both Xi and Putin do not have a pathological need to be part of the "cowboy riding posse"  -like you. 

They do NOT care for Jew APCO branding.






SO MUCH OF NEGATIVITY- LET ME FORMAT THE MIND.

( Chutney Marys , Pickle Johns and wannabe GORA GAANDS who prefer Lady fu#kin' Gaga -  excuze pleJJE -  rather they can all screw themselves ) 

AaaaaAaAaaaaA AAA AaAA Aaa Re

Aaoge Jab Tum O Saajana
Aaoge Jab Tum O Saajana
Angana Phool Khilenge

Barsega Saawan
Barsega Saawan Jhoom Jhoom Ke
Do Dil Aise Milenge

Aaoge Jab Tum O Saajana
Angana Phool Khilenge

Naina Tere Kajraare Hai
Naino Pe Hum Dil Haare Hai

Anjaane Hi Tere Naino Ne
Waade Kiye Kai Saare Hai

Saanson Ki Lay
Madham Chalein
Tose Gaye Barasega Saawan
Barasega Saawan
Jhoom Jhoomke

Do Dil Aise Milenge

Aaoge Jab Tum Ho Saajana
Angana Phool Khilenge

Ga Pa Pa Sa Sa Re Ga Ga

Chanda Ko Taaku Raaton Mein
Hai Zindagi Tere Haanthon Mein
Palkon Pe Jhilmil Taarein Hain
Aana Bhari Barsaaton Mein

Sapnon Ka Jahaan
Hoga Khila Khila
Barasega Saawan
Barasega Saawan Jhoom Jhoom Ke
Do Dil Aise Milenge

Angana Phool Khilenge
Angana Phool Khilenge

Pa Ni Sa Re Pa Ma Ga Ga Ga Sa Ni
Ni Re Sa Re Sa Ni Dha Ni Re Ni Ma Dha Ni Dha Dha

Dha Ni Re Pa Ma Pa
Ma Dha Dha Ma Re Pa Ga

Ga Ma Ga Ni Sa Sa Ni Pa Ma Pa Ga Ga Sa Re Ga Sa
Agna Phool Khilenge
Pa Ni Dha Sa Ni Dha Ma Ga Ni Sa
Ma Ma Sa Ni Ma Ni Ma Ma Ni Ni Sa Sa
Re Pa Pa Ma Ma Ga Ga



when you come, o beloved...

when you come, o beloved, the courtyard will be in full bloom.

the rain will come down in torrents.

this is how our hearts will meet.

when you come, o beloved, the courtyard will be in full bloom.


oh, your eyes are kohl-lined.

i have lost my heart on these eyes.

although your eyes are strang, they hold lot of promise

the flame of my breath now flowing slow, (because) you have gone

the rain will come down in torrents.

this is how our two hearts  will meet.

when you come, o beloved, the courtyard will be in full bloom.


These nights I stare at the moon

my life is now in your hands

on my eyelashes there are twinkling stars ( tears)

please come in when the rains get started

may my dream world be happy

the rain will come down in torrents.

this is how our two hearts will meet.

the courtyard will be in full bloom.

Below: French Jew's burden !



Formatted you mind?


Below: Siam ( Thailand ) is HAJAAR  proud that they have never been colonized by the white man. Hey, easy with SIAM PRIDE -- this is only because Rothschild left it that way.   German Jew Rothschild used Thailand as a his buffer between British and French cousins .  French family branch colonised Indochina and the British family branch colonised the southern part of the Malay peninsula as well as Burma. Thailand sided with Rothschild in World War I. 
Liberia was USED and BLED of its wealth by Rothschild controlled “American Colonization Society”.  Beginning in 1820, the area was settled by African Americans, most of whom were freed black slaves. That leaves only Korea and Japan, right?





OK—let me see how effective it is.  

Here is a spot the ASSHOLE contest.

AAA ) Some white skinned thieves attacked the home of a brown skinned man. They stole all his money and valuable. They raped his wife and two underage daughters . As soon as the thieves entered the compound his wife had alerted him . So our brown skinned man dived under the bed , and started spinning his CHARKHA furiously.  After the thieves left, he lectures to his  wife and daughters ( bleeding from both bottom orifices ) the importance of AHIMSA.



BBB ) Some white skinned thieves attacked the home of a black skinned man. He had NO money so that kidnapped his two underage sons – to be sold in the slave market.  As soon as the thieves entered the compound his wife had alerted him . So our man black skinned man dived under the bed – and after the thieves left with his sons , he jumped on the dining table and gave a earth shakin’ speech—I HAVE A DREAM ----

The white Zionist man is busy selling these two ASSHOLES to the third world .



Bryan: I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you. 

Marko: [after a long pause] Good luck.






BELOW: I HAVE A DREAM WHERE BLACK PEOPLE, WHITE PEOPLE AND CHINESE PEOPLE GET THE SAME CHIPS IN A CASINO-- TEE HEEEEEEE !



The black man who gave the I HAVE A DREAM speech-- is being sold in western and central Africa by French Zionists .  

The statue of this black "I HAVE A DREAM " man is unveiled by JUDAS black men (in the payroll of the white Zionists ) in African countries being robbed blind by the French Jew.




http://www.systemiccapital.com/14-african-countries-forced-by-france-to-pay-colonial-tax/




Sree Charan RMarch 15, 2015 at 8:40 AM
Captain,
Heard the news that Rajiv Malhotra and Dr. Subramanian Swamy were not allowed to speak in Oxford University--
http://www.thenewsminute.com/news_sections/3219
Then, how can Oxford University become one of the most "respected"(whatever that means!) in the world? Where is the "free speech" here?
I was recently going through the list of Rhodes Scholars from India and found that most of them were "Pseudo-Intellectuals"( or Chutney Marys!! ) .Is there something behind this?
Not so co-incidentally,this incident has occurred at the same time when the media is busy discussing about "Leslee Udwin--Issue", coming from the same nation (BBC-UK)??
Why are so-called "Ivy-League" Universities(Harvard,Oxford,Columbia,Cambridge, and many more..) in the West so much prejudiced about India?
The real danger is many Bright Indian Students are attracted towards these universities;a scenario which all of Indians should resist at best--and instead encourage Indian Universities.
[Initially,I as a student, was also fascinated by some of these Universities.But, not anymore!! ]
{{ Here is an online petition supporting the Rajiv-Swamy duo, hope fellow readers look into this--
https://www.change.org/p/oxford-india-society-oxford-students-celebrate-dr-subramaniam-swamy-and-rajiv-malhotra }}
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 15, 2015 at 9:22 AM
hi scr,

OXFORD UNIVERSITY WAS ABOUT TO BE RAZED TO THE GROUND BY KING HENRY VIII, WHEN CRYPTO JEWS BRIBED HIS 6TH WIFE'S CATHERINE PARR s EX LOVER TO STOP IT.

WITHIN 5 MONTHS OF KING HENRYs DEATH SHE WAS ABLE TO MARRY HER EX-LOVER.

AND WHO WAS THIS MAN ?

PRAY ?

PRITHEE ?

HE USED TO HAVE ( ANAL SEX ) WITH CHAKKA QUEEN ELIZABETH 1 WHEN SHE WAS A MINOR OF 13 YEARS AGE.

OXFORD UNIVERSITY MUST FIRST EXAMINE THE SKELETONS IN THEIR OWN CUPBOARD.

THEY LOVE INDIAN JUDASES WHO RUN DOWN HINDUISM AND ANCIENT INDIA.

they reward such JUDASES with scholarships for their children.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/india-must-quit-commonwealth-capt-ajit.html

I DO HOPE THESE UPPITY UNIVERSITIES DO NOT UPSET THIS BLOGSITE-- THEY WILL HAVE NO PLACE TO HIDE.

RIGHT NOW, I AM BEING VERY KIND WITH THEM.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

HERE IS A FREE GIVEAWAY -- IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHO THE FREEMASONS ARE ( ANCIENT DAYS THEY WERE ALL CRYPTO JEWS / NON-JEWS IN THE PAYROLL OF JEWS ) -- SEE THEIR PORTRAIT--



THEY WILL KEEP THEIR HAND IN FRONT WITH 3RD AND 4TH FINGERS GLUED TOGETHER TIGHT- IT TAKES A CONSCIOUS EFFORT TO DO THIS  ..

IF YOU PUNCH SOME ONE WITH THE 4TH AND 5TH FINGERS , THEY WILL COME ADRIFT .

http://www.pseudoreality.org/westside.html

TIME TO INTRODUCE THE GERMAN MARTIN LUTHER BELOW--  A MAN IN THE PAYROLL OF CRYPTO JEWS 




Before that I must introduce Pope Leo X ( Giovanni De Medici) a HARDCORE and shameless homosexual placed on the Papal chair by the Jews.   He was a passive gay and could hardly walk with a rotten anus. 

Below:  The master painter Raphael painted this portrait of Pope Leo X.  Pope Leo X had a homosexual relationship with Raphael too -- both dies of syphilis.  This Pope was totally controlled by Jews. 

ABHE GHONCHU NAUKAR ,  TUMHARA HAATH POPE KA POCKET KE ANDHAR KYON HAI ?  BATAAO NA !




Below : When I went to Rome I has seen this  amazing portrait ( Sistine Madonna ) painted by Raphael of Urbino.



Pope Leo X was offered a steady supply of handsome and virile gays by the Jews and he spent recklessly on them.  

These gays were ranked as Chamberlains and followed him everywhere and he was shameless about the whole thing. Pope Leo did NOT care for privacy when it came to sexual groping and petting .  

He borrowed large sums from Jewish bankers.  He hocked priceless artifacts from Vatican to the Jews.

When Leo X died on 1st Dec 1521 , his body and face was bloated with syphilis and reeking of gangrene.  They painted his face black and did NOT allow public viewing.  

The dead body of Pope Leo X was buried nay- dumped - in Santa Maria Sopra without the usual fanfare of tradition like last sacraments  , without even candles lighting the funeral. 

The Jews maneuvered a FAKE inquiry about poisoning and even got an  innocent man incarcerated.

A Jewish rabbi Bonet de Lates attended to his diseased and fissured asshole problems on the quiet. Some of the medicines given to him made his mind numb.

How many of the Catholic Christians will believe today that this Pope Leo X was NOT even a priest before his election to the papacy. Such was the money power of Crypto Jews.  

When German monk Martin Luther threw sh#t on Catholic Christianity , Pope Leo X was BRIBED by Jews  to go through the motions and allow Christianity to be axed apart.

Of course Pope Leo X went through the motions of excommunicating Martin Luther by Papal bull Decet Romanum Pontificem ( It Pleases the Roman Pontiff ), on 3 January 1521.

Pope Leo X granting indulgences to CRYPTO JEWS who donated to reconstruct St. Peter's Basilica.  How many Christians know about this Jew money in the Mecca of Christianity at Vatican .   

Martin Luther's 95 Theses was written using INSIDE information.  

Much to the surprise of all Catholics Pope Leo X did NOT show any interest in the damaging array of demands for church reform that would quickly grow into the Protestant Reformation. 

He allowed it to happen.

The Crypto Jew treasurer Degenhart Pfäffinger of Frederick III, Elector of Saxony of the House of Wetting BRIBED both  Martin Luther and  Pope Leo X . 



Ever heard of DOUBLE AGENTS ?

Pope Leo’s Papacy began on 9 March 1513 and ended on 1 December 1521.  During this time Catechism took a body blow  . It was under Jew stooge Pope Leo X that Lutheranism spread into Scandinavia.

Pope Leo’s middle man between himself and the banker Jews was a Jew named Sabbatiano Solomonis, whom he retained on an exhorbitant salary.   

Why not ?  



He even got a rare Indian white elephant ( Hanno ) from the King of Cochin ( the enemy of the King of Calicut who drove away Vasco da Gama  )--   to bow to him when he walked past.  




The poor elephant died of gold ion enemas -such was his fixation with assholes .

To modern Jews objecting to what I wrote above – I ask them “ Why did Pope Leo X allow Jews to erect a Hebrew printing-press at Rome in 1518 ? “

Chakkar kya hai bhaiiyya ?.  

CHARKHA GHUMAAKE !

Why did Pope Leo X issue a Papal bull in Sept. 8, 1514, that the rights of the Jews should be respected. 

Why did he repeal the edict of the Bishop of Carpentras, who had prescribed a special badge to be worn by the Jews ?  

Is he Pope of the Jews ?

Why did Pope Leo X  grant a special privilege for the issuance of a new edition of the RACIST Talmud ?

Why did Pope Leo X issue a Papal bull on Nov. 1, 1519, in which he remitted the Jewish hearth and banking taxes, and granted amnesty for all offenses committed by ALL Jews, confirming unknown  privileges and advantages granted to them by his predecessors, and prescribed that a Jewish offender should be arraigned before qualified judges and should be condemned only on evidence given by trustworthy witnesses? 

Have we all sprouted long ears ?

Hold on !


BBBRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY !

Let me digress-

This is the FIRST time truth is exhumed--it will cause Catholics a great deal of heartache..

Jews had already done greater damage to the Pope more than 2 centuries before .  

The Jews wheeled and dealed and BRIBED -- to cut the military arm of the pope - the extremely wealthy, powerful and popular Templar Knights , who were now their rivals in the banking business . 
The Templar banks were trustworthy and they did NOT exploit vulnerability like the Jews. The Jews were losing banking business , by which they controlled Kings and Queens.

For shedding Jew blood during the crusades in Jerusalem, they got the entire surviving Templar Knights  mostly old men ) burnt alive.    


Below : Jacques de Molay, the last Grand Master of the Knights Templar being burned at the stake in 1314.


They used the knowledge that the Templar Knights were all vegetarians and were worshipping “ a three headed deity “  ( Brahma/ Vishnu / Shiva ) and a “strange deity with the head of a lion and the body of a man” ( Narasimha avatar ). 



The templars had abandoned their Christian faith , in their retired life. In their old age the Jews did propaganda that they were engaged in sodomy and spitting on the cross , daily.

The slimy Jews planned well in advance .

They waited till the King of France Philip 4 ( below ) was crowned . This king was heavily in debt to the banks of the Templar Knights.



First they had to made Vatican a whorehouse.  

The Jews manipulated by bribes , Pope Honorius IV ( Giacomo Savelli,) who was Pope from 2 April 1285 to his death in 1287. His election was one of the speediest in the history of the papacy- his election was NOT even a papal conclave.  Such was the power of Jewish bribes.

During his pontificate Pope Honorius IV ( below ) he assumed a strange pro-French political policy . 




The rot had set in.   

The Avignon Papacy was the period from 1309 to 1377, during which seven successive popes resided in Avignon, in France, rather than in Rome-something unimaginable .

On the same day Pope Honorius IV  was elected, he was consecrated bishop and crowned Pope in the Basilica of St. Peter-throwing long standing papal traditions into the garbage bin.   This Pope could NOT think properly or even walk –his Jew doctor made sure.  While he did first mass as Pope his hands had to be raised by a crafty mechanical contrivance.

Frenchman Pope Clement V was in the payroll of the Jews.    In 1309, Clement V moved his court to the papal enclave at Avignon France, where it remained for the next 67 years. This shocking absence from Rome and the St Peter’s cathedral is referred to as the "Babylonian Captivity of the Papacy". 

Finally, Pope Gregory XI abandoned Avignon and moved his court to Rome (arriving on January 17, 1377), officially ending the disgraceful Avignon Papacy.

Pope Clement V ( Frenchman  Raymond Bertrand de Got  ) was Pope from 5 June 1305 to his death in 1314. 

He is infamous for suppressing the order of the Knights Templar and allowing the execution , and roasting alive of many of its members. 



Imagine a Pope cutting his own feet?




Mind you -  the military wing of the Pope , the mighty Templar Knights were answerable only to the Pope- NOT to any king.



On Friday, 13 October 1307, hundreds of the Knights Templar were arrested in France supported  by King Philip IV of France and his stooge Pope Clement V .  

King Philip IV was totally controlled by Guillaume de Nogaret ( below ) bribed by the Jews. 




Guillaume de Nogaret was maneuvered by the scheming Jews well in advance as the  councillor and keeper of the seal..   

On Nov 22nd 1307,  Pope Clement V ( below ) issued a papal decree, ordering all monarchs of the Christian faith to arrest all Templar Knights and confiscate their lands in the name of the Pope and the Church . 





The knights who served the Pope so well in the past would be severely tortured to death . 



I ask-- could the Hindus every scheme this way ?  

It requires a cunning Jewish brain for this, right ?

Pope Boniface VIII  ( Benedetto Caetani ) , reigned from 1294 to 1303 .  On 18 November 1302, Boniface issued the bull Unam sanctam which declared that both spiritual and temporal power were under the pope's jurisdiction, and that kings were subordinate to the power of the Roman pontiff. 

In response, Guillaume de Nogaret , King Philip IV ‘s chief minister ( bribed by Jews ) , denounced Pope Boniface as a heretical criminal to the French clergy.

In 1303, King Philip IV and chief minister Guillaume de Nogaret were excommunicated by Pope Boniface VIII . On 7 September 1303, an army led by Nogaret kidnapped Pope Boniface at his building in Anagni Italy and transported him secretly to France. 

Boniface VIII   ( below ) was beaten up badly . 



What this world does NOT know is that Pope Boniface VIII was secretly buried alive without any traditional papal fanfare  on 11 October 1303.

His body lies in the crypt of St. Peter's in a large marble sarcophagus, laconically inscribed BONIFACIUS PAPA VIII.    

When his tomb was opened  on 9 Oct., 1605 due to strong rumours of “ buried alive “ they found  the body was amazingly  intact.  They argued and closed the matter-- that if he was alive at the time of burial , he would have bitten out his own fingers . TEE HEEE !

When Pope Boniface VIII died, Pope Benedict XI, was elected . But Pope Benedict was poisoned by Guillaume de Nogaret, again bribed by the Jews. He was there close to the Pope at the Papal palace at the time of Benedict's death.

A conclave ensued for eleven long months. By 1305, the Jews plans bore fruit , when when a Frenchman, Bertrand de Got, was elected Pope Clement V. Catholics were angry and there were riots in Rome.

The catholic had their revenge . The dead body of Guillaume de Nogaret , the mighty Chancellor at the French Royal Court   was found in April 11th , 1313 with the whole tongue pulled out.

Pope Clement V would soon die of some strange disease ( poisoned – after job over ) . 

Within eight months King Philip IV of France, at the early age of 46, died in a bizarre hunting accident. That was the price King Philip IV would pay for expelling Jews from France in 1306.

DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES —  

USED CURRY LEAVES GANDHI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING JR WILL VOUCH FOR THIS.

On 15 June 1520, the Pope warned Luther with the papal bull (edict) Exsurge Domine that he risked excommunication and loss of life unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings, including the 95 Theses, within 60 days..   

As a consequence, Luther was excommunicated by Pope Leo X on 3 January 1521, in the bull Decet Romanum Pontificem.  

On 18 April 1521, Luther appeared as ordered before the Diet of Worms. This was a general assembly of the estates of the Holy Roman Empire that took place in Worms, a town on the Rhine.   

It was conducted from 28 January to 25 May 1521, with Emperor Charles V presiding. Prince Frederick III, Elector of Saxony, ( bribed by Jews )obtained a safe conduct for Luther to and from the meeting. 

The Emperor presented the final draft of the Diet of Worms on 25 May 1521, declaring Luther an outlaw, banning his literature, and requiring his arrest: "We want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic." 

It also made it a crime for anyone in Germany to give Martin Luther food or shelter. 

It permitted anyone to kill Martin Luther without legal consequence.

Frederick III had Luther intercepted on his way home in the forest near Wittenberg by masked horsemen who were made to appear as armed highwaymen. They escorted Luther to the security of the Wartburg Castle at Eisenach. 

With all and sundry bribed by Jew money Luther could NOT care less. 


Below : This is the room in the castle of Wartburg , where the Crypto Jew treasurer Degenhart Pfafinger of Frederick III, Elector of Saxony ( bribed by Jews ) hid Martin Luther .




Martin Luther was rescued from the Pope's enforcement of the edict by faking a highway attack on Luther's way back to Wittenberg, abducting and then hiding him at Wartburg Castle following the Diet of Worms-- heavily bribed by Jews .    

Martin Luther following his excommunication by Pope Leo X , had refused to recant at the Diet of Worms -for he knew the power of Jew bribe money.
.  


 From May 1521 to March 1522, Martin Luther stayed at the castle under the name of Junker Jörg (the Knight George). 

Today this room ( below ) is a pilgrimage spot for Bilderberger Club members.Martin Luther translated the New Testament from Ancient Greek into German in this room in just ten weeks.    He had everything ready before hand  ( PSSSSTT ! ) 




In 1999, UNESCO added Wartburg Castle to the World Heritage List  citing its "Cultural Values of Universal Significance" . 

Bilderberger US President Bill Clinton, visited this room ( ABOVE ) on May 14, 1998 and spAke  "On this beautiful Thuringian day in the spring, we are bathed in the light and the warmth of freedom."

I am touched- must cry now – 

SNIFF !

BOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!

Below: Martin Luther is NOT scared at all- at the DIET OF WORMS -- a hearing where he could be roasted alive , if advance Jewish plans back fired. 




The Diet of Worms 1521 was an imperial diet of the Holy Roman Empire held in Worms, Germany -- a diet is formal court hearing.   




It was conducted from 28 January to 25 May 1521, with Emperor Charles V presiding .


Those days you had to be very careful what you said—the Pope must agree.  

Indian mathematician and astronomer Aryabhatta 2700 BC , was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an error of just 64 miles..  

Poor Galileo stole from Aryabhatta and said the same thing  millenuims years later , that the earth is round and circles the sun , and the church blinded him ,  so that he can never look into another telescope .





In 1633, Galileo was nearly 70 years old, the Pope did BOOOOOO and made him recant the sun-centered theory.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/heliocentricity-versus-geocentricity.html

Below :   A pilgrimage spot for Zionists - Castle Church in Wittenberg -     where Martin Luther is buried along with his LANGOT YAAR ( best friend ) CRYPTO JEW and German theologian Philipp Melanchthon , who spoke Hebrew fluently.




Crypto Jew Philipp Melanchthon’s great-uncle, Johann Reuchlin, was a great Hebrew scholar  and author of De Rudimentis Hebraicis, a dictionary and grammar of the Hebrew language that appeared in 1506 and became the basis of modern Hebrew scholarship.



In Thesis 86, Martin Luther paaji demands: "Why does the pope, whose wealth today is greater than the wealth of the richest Crassus, build the basilica of St. Peter with the money of poor believers rather than with his own money?"— 

Martin Luther knew damn well that the poor gay Pope Leo X borrowed from the Jews –and he loved a quickie from gay partner Raphael reeking of paint.




Below: A phamouus-- nay-- famous door.   Martin Luther nailed his Ninety-Five Theses to the door of All Saints' Church in Wittenberg on 31 October 1517, sparking the Protestant Reformation – screwing the almighty Pope ( who did NOT mind as he had Jew bribe money  )  .



NOBODY WOULD HAVE SEEN OR HEARD OF IT.  THE INTERNET OF THOSE DAYS WAS THE JEW MONOPOLISED PRINTING PRESS.

The Jews made sure that Martin Luther's writings circulated widely, reaching France, England, and Italy as early as 1519.

From 1510 to 1520, Luther poured through the Psalms, the books of Hebrews, Romans, and Galatians.— merrily cherry picking like our modern day Dr Zakir Naik.    Anybody can do cherry picking from any religious book-- the not so bright Catholics got screwed.

Luther had published his German translation of the New Testament in 1522, and he and his Jewish collaborators completed the translation of the Old Testament in 1534, when the whole Bible was published.  Luther was the most widely read author of his generation, and within Germany he acquired the status of a prophet.

A German translation of the Bible does not sound revolutionary.  However, in the 16th century it indeed was.  It had always been in the interest of the organized Church to keep the Bible a sealed book to grab power .  

In the Middle Ages that was easy to do because most of the people were illiterate.  But once people could read it in their native tongue there was room for a different interpretation.  The Jews with their printing presses went on overdrive.   

Therefore, the single act of translating the Bible into German printing thousands of copies in Jewish owned press , served to break the power of the Church over its people.

 TODAY THE BENAMI MEDIA IS TRYING TO DO THE SAME THING –WE ARE FED WITH TRUCKLOADS OF GANDHI/ MARTIN LUTHER KING JR/ GLOBAL WAMING BY CO2 /MODI IS A DEVIL etc—

THE BENAMI MEDIA PRESSTITUTES FALL FLAT ON THEIR FACES EVERY TIME—FOR THE INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA SCREWS THEM ROYALLY EVERY TIME . 

BUT BENAMI MEDIA AND THEIR “MOTH EATEN FACED PERCEPTION MOULDERS“ MUST BE GIVEN A+ FOR EFFORT .  

TEEE HEEEEEEE !

Martin Luther King was allowed to defend himself at the Diet of Worms—a big mistake  staged by the Jews ). 

Martin Luther’s well prepared  articulate defense of his ideas was tom tommed by the Jewish printing press. 

This  damaged the Church irreversibly.  

This is what happens when you bark back at a dog —as a ship Captain I never allowed it. .

Thus, the schism All of the malcontents, including the peasants and lower classes, who had nothing to lose, joined in the revolution.  It started in Germany but spread throughout Europe.

 Martin Luther himself became much more radical, including abolishing the institution of celibacy for the clergy and marrying a former runaway nun ( a crypto Jewess planted for this purpose ).

Martin Luther  wedged out a new religion.  The religion, however, took on different forms. In Germany it took the form of what became known as the Lutheran Church.  In Switzerland, John Calvin introduced what would become known as Calvinism ( I will talk about him later ) .  

In England, screw master King Henry VIII used it as an excuse to divorce Catherine and marry Ann Boleyn  .  In France, the Huguenots( crypto Jew aliens )  revolted. 

Repressive measures against Jews continued to grow and in 1275, they were forbidden to be money-lenders- which was like kicking them in their collective balls.. 

With the loss of their primary source of EASY income, and thus their value ( ulterior and vested ) to the King's coffers, Jews became expendable to the Crown and were expelled from England in 1290, not to be readmitted until 1655.  

They had their revenge –didn’t they ?

Even today the English does NOT know why their King kicked out the Jews .  The Jews had this bizarre practice of kidnapping Catholic children at Easter and using them in ritual practices- and using their blood for Passover ceremonies ( this blogsite does NOT vouch for this horrid rumor ) 

 41 year old Martin Luther full of health problems married 26 year old Katharina von Bora a run away nun from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent in April 1523.

Martin Luther had been suffering from Ménière's disease, vertigo, fainting, tinnitus, cataract in one eye, kidney/ bladder stones,  arthritis,  ruptured an ear drum , angina etc – but Jew doctors took care of him . 

Jewish doctors have Ayurveda knowledge and Ayurvedic  herbs too.   These doctors could influence kings – sometime without their knowledge as male heirs would die in infancy mysteriously or queens would become infertile. King Henry VIII died in 1547, only one year after Martin Luther.

Monk Martin Luther's wedding set the seal of approval on clergy marriage  .  He produced 6 children.
Luther wrote a German Mass, which he published in early 1526.

In 1529, he wrote the Large Catechism, a manual for pastors and teachers, as well as a synopsis, the Small Catechism, to be memorized by the people themselves.

ALL SYSTEMS WERE KEPT IN PLACE BY LUTHER BEFORE KING HENRY VIII WOULD LAUNCH THE NEW RELIGION IN ENGLAND.

Till Martin Luther wedges out Protestant Christianity, he PRAISED the Jews.  He wrote “the Jews are blood-relations of our Lord; if it proper to boast of flesh and blood, the Jews belong more to Christ than we.”    He used to meet Rabbis to explain his interpretation of certain Old Testament messianic passages.  

In his article “Jesus Christ was born a Jew,” written in 1523, Martin Luther sympathized with Jews- “if I had been a Jew and had seen such dolts and blockheads govern and teach the Christian faith, I would sooner have become a hog than a Christian.”


Because of pro-Jew statements and his bizarre love for Hebrew, Martin Luther’s Catholic enemies accused him of being a crypto-Jew trying to destroy the papacy.  

Catholic tongues went awag.

In Wittenberg, Luther was once visited by a group of Rabbis and they were closeted with him for hours.

I GUESS THEY TOLD HIM TO PUT EVER BODY IN FOG— FOR THAT HOUR ONWARDS MARTIN LUTHER STARTED ABUSING THE JEWS –  

AND ALL NOTED A STRANGE THING --  THE JEWS NEVER GAVE BACK AS GOOD AS THEY GOT .

WHEN ASKED WHY THE SUDDEN  U TURN – LUTHER GAVE A LAME EXPLANATION.
HE CLAIMED THAT ONE RABBI INSULTED JESUS CHRIST . .

LUTHER REPEATED THIS DOZENS OF TIMES IN AN UNSOLICITED MANNER..

Hold it—I just sprouted long ears YET YENAOTHER time.


BBBRRRRRAAAYYYYYYYY  !


MARTIN LUTHER SHOWED THE WORLD THAT HE WAS NOT A JEW BY SEVERAL SURPRISING STATEMENTS ( FOR A MAN WHO DRIPPED HONEY ON JEWS BEFORE )

His early letters in the 1520s regarding the Jews are extremely positive. He said, for instance, that the Jews were the only ones who properly saw the ills of the Church. It’s no wonder that they rejected the Pope and never became Catholics.


Luther warned Christians to be on their guard against Jews since in their synagogues “nothing is found but a den of devils in which sheer self-glory, conceit, lies, blasphemy, and defaming of God and men are practiced most maliciously.”

Luther claimed the Jews had sunk into “abysmal, devilish, hellish, insane baseness, envy, and arrogance.”

He said they were “full of the devil’s feces” and the synagogue was an “evil slut.”

He went on with such poisonous rhetoric for 65,000 words.

Luther called on princes and nobles to burn down synagogues and Jewish schools, raze Jewish homes, forbid Jewish teaching or texts, confiscate Jewish wealth, and expel Jews from Germany.
He at one point even regrets their survival: “we are at fault in not slaying them.” 



Luther’s last words ever spoken from a pulpit was a declaration that if Jews refused to convert “we should neither tolerate nor suffer their presence in our midst!”

Going beyond mere suggestions, Luther was complicit in driving Jewish citizens from Germany where he could.   

So all Catholic suspicions of Martin Luther being a CRYPTO JEW were laid at rest .

But Hey, later Goebbels would lay his hands on these anti semitic writings ( cooked and uncooked ) to use it for anti-Jewish propaganda.   

Some articles in Julius Streicher’s Der Sturmer — the leading Nazi propaganda paper — were verbatim quotations from Luther.

MARTIN LUTHER COULD NOT HAVE TAKEN ON THE MIGHTY CHURCH ( even templar knights were roasted alive ) WITHOUT HUGE MONEY POWER BACKING HIM  -  

--  HUGE BRIBES PAID BY CRYPTO JEWS TO THE RIGHT PEOPLE -  RANGING FROM KINGS TO POPES .


Enter King Henry VIII ,  our screw master— nay screw grandmaster !


First let me dedicate a song to him and his daughter Queen Elizabeth 1 – both protestants.



My wife studied in Auxilium convent Mumbai.    This Henry –Liza song was always sung when they went in a bus/ train for a picnic accompanied by nuns.  It was an interesting song as the husky female  voices had to sing for Henry and the sopranos for Liza.



The song above was also a favourite—for the tiny school girls were not allowed to say “ but she didnt get her ASS  wet not yet “   

For ASS that had to say AH AH.

-- or the prim and propah nuns would glare and frighten them .

The song below was always sung -- OH SUSANNA DONT YOU CRY FOR ME !



Enough of nursery rhymes –it aint good to digress this way--

King Henry VIII converted the whole of England to Protestant Christianity.  

But his daughter Queen Mary converted England back to Catholic Christianity and she identified and burnt all the crypto Jews on the stake.    

After Queen Mary died her half sister Queen Elizabeth 1 converted England back to Protestant Christianity and she roasted all of Mary’s supporters.

King Henry VIII died in 1547 of syphilis.



Mary Tudor, or “Bloody Mary” as she came to be known, was the eldest daughter of King Henry VIII and his first wife, Catherine of Aragon; becoming Queen of England in 1553.



She inherited congenital syphilis from her father and was sickly, suffering from frequent migraines and bald. She inherited the throne from her step brother Edward VI who ruled England for 6 years and died at the age of 15--again having inherited congenital syphilis from his father.

As soon as she became queen she imprisoned (in the dark tower of London)  her half sister Elizabeth I for a year --the daughter of Anne Boleyn -- who became queen after her death.

Henry VIII is the King who beheaded his 3rd wife Anne Boleyn, on trumped up false charges of incest  , ( she had made the mistake of saying in public that he was NOT great in bed.) Mary's husband Phillip ( Spanish ) was NOT physically attracted to her --and she was always frustrated .

Mary died in 1558 and her half sister Bhargen—nay—virgin queen Elizabeth I ruled for a long time till her death in 1603 . Queen Elizabeth 1 , by her own admission bathed only 4 times in a year, and that too alone  - " whether I needed it or not!"—

- while actually she bathed only twice as she did NOT want to remove the white lead compound filling up the small pox pits on her face and anybody to see her tiny prick and balls.

Elizabeth 1 had more than 2000 of those funny extravagant dresses with hilarious frilled collars.  The whole idea was to distract attention from her repulsive ugliness--one way or the other-- including a jarring red coloured wig.  

Below: WHAAAA Shaggy wants to sing for sexy Queen Elizabeth 1 ? -- later Shaggy-- later  -





She filled up the hideous deep pox pits on her face, using a compound including white lead, which ate away her skin.  

Queen Elizabeth 1 was 25 years old when she became Queen and ruled England for 44 years until age 69.  Philip II of Spain had been co-monarch of England until the death of his wife, Queen Mary I of England , in 1558.

Queen Elizabeth 1 was incapable of conceiving , and had many young “gay” suitors who used her wrong bottom orifice.   She used to fake pregnancies .  Her most loved gay lover was the Earl of Leicester who died after the Spanish Armada visit , devastating her  . .

She could NOT fool her subjects that her young male lovers used her bottom vaginal orifice .  She left a will that nobody can see her body even after her death –with a tiny dong and a gaping as$hole.

Initially Elizabeth supported the Protestants in secret.    But in 1584, she with the secret financial support of Jews , openly started supporting the rebel Protestants in the Netherlands who were revolting against Spanish occupation.

The first act of Elizabeth’s  first Parliament established her supremacy in all matters spiritual and temporal. The Catholic Bishops had opposed the Act of Supremacy in House of Lords and refused to swear the oath of supremacy incorporated in the Act.  They were deprived, imprisoned or allowed to resign. 

In January 1570 Pope Pius V issued a Bull declaring Elizabeth a heretic, and therefore excommunicated. The new ruler might have been Mary Stuart, "Queen of Scots" - a Catholic brought up in France - but in 1587 Elizabeth had Mary beheaded on false charges.

Author Steve Berry talks about his book "The King's Deception" on an American talk show,  and he alleges that Queen Elizabeth I was not a woman.     

They showed a picture of her, and she really looks like a man behind all that thick white makeup and false orange hair.

In the book Steve Berry traces the idea of Elizabeth as a man to the legend of the Bisley Boy, which he heard in 2010 when he was in the village of Ely, north of London.

The legend says Princess Elizabeth died when she was 12 or 13 while living in the village of Bisley in Gloucestershire.   Her governess was so afraid of the girl's father, Henry VIII, she quietly buried the princess and substituted a CHAKKA boy from the village.

"For 300 years, up until the early part of the 20th century, the village of Bisley paraded a little boy dressed up as a girl". 

"Why would they do that?"    Berry asked. "I was intrigued by this story. I knew there was a novel here, a great adventure for Malone."

"All her life she wore heavy face paint and wigs.   She wore clothing that hid her body and refused to allow doctors to examine her below the neck. Her No. 1 job was to have a child, but she refused. When she died (in 1603), her body could not be viewed or autopsied."



What follows is a LIFT from the DAILY MAIL article before. 

Today in this Internet age, the English cannot be fooled . 

John Bull is sick and tired of LIES about the royals.

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2337774/Is-proof-Virgin-Queen-imposter-drag-Shocking-new-theory-Elizabeth-I-unearthed-historic-manuscripts.html

WAS  QUEEN  ELIZABETH 1  A  MAN ?

The bones of Elizabeth I, Good Queen Bess, lie mingled with those of her sister, Bloody Mary, in a single tomb at Westminster Abbey.    But are they really royal remains — or evidence of the greatest conspiracy in English history?

If that is not the skeleton of Elizabeth Tudor, the past four centuries of British history have been founded on a lie.

And according to a controversial new book, the lie began on an autumn morning 470 years ago, when panic swept through a little group of courtiers in a manor house in the Cotswold village of Bisley in Gloucestershire.

Could the virgin queen be a part of the biggest deception in British history?

The king, Henry VIII, was due at any hour. He was travelling from London, in great discomfort — for the 52-year-old monarch was grossly overweight and crippled by festering sores — to visit his daughter, Elizabeth.

The young princess had been sent there that summer from the capital to avoid an outbreak of plague. But she had fallen sick with a fever and, after weeks of bleeding, leeches and vomiting, her body was too weak to keep fighting. The night before the king’s arrival, his favourite daughter, the only child of his marriage to Anne Boleyn, had been dangerously ill. In the morning, Elizabeth lay dead.

Elizabeth’s governess, Lady Kat Ashley, and her guardian, Thomas Parry, had good reason to fear telling the king this awful news. It would cost them their lives. Four of Henry’s children had died in infancy and, of the survivors, one — Edward — was a sickly boy of five and the other an embittered, unmarried woman in her late 20s.

The ten-year-old Elizabeth was Tudor England’s most valuable child in many ways. She could surely be married to a French or Spanish prince to seal an international alliance — and her own children would secure the Tudor dynasty Henry so desperately craved.

Now she was dead, and when the king discovered it, Parry and Lady Ashley would surely be executed. Their sole duty had been to keep the princess safe: failure was treason. The penalty would not even be beheading, but death by the most gruesome torture imaginable.

They would be bound and dragged through the mud for a mile to the scaffold. There they would be hanged, cut down and disembowelled. Their entrails would be hauled from their bodies and held in front of their faces as they died, and then their limbs would be hacked off and displayed on spikes, to be picked bare by the birds.

Their only chance of concealing the truth, and perhaps buying themselves a few days to flee the country, was to trick the king.

Kat Ashley’s first thought was to find a village girl and dress her up in the princess’s robe, with a mantle, to fool the king. Bisley was a tiny hamlet, however, and there were no female children of Elizabeth’s age.

But there was a boy, from a local family called Neville. He was a gawky, angular youth a year or so younger than Elizabeth, who had been the princess’s companion and fellow pupil for the past few weeks.    And with no time to look further afield for a stand-in, Parry and Lady Ashley took the desperate measure of forcing the boy to don his dead friend’s clothes.

Remarkably, the deception worked. Henry saw his daughter rarely, and was used to hearing her say nothing.  The last time she had been presented in court, meeting the new Queen Catherine Parr, she had been trembling with terror.

The princess was known as a gentle, studious child, and painfully shy — not a girl to speak up in front of the king who had beheaded her mother.

So when ‘she’ stood at Bisley manor, in the dimness of an oak-beamed hall lit by latticed windows, it was not so surprising that the king failed to realise he was being duped.  He had no reason to suspect his daughter had been ill, after all, and he himself was tired and in pain.

But after he left later that afternoon, the hoax began in earnest. Parry and Lady Ashley realised that if they ever admitted what they had done, the king’s fury would be boundless. They might get out of the country to safety, but their families would surely be killed.

On the other hand, few people had known the princess well enough to be certain of recognising her, especially after an interval of many months. This boy had already fooled the king, the most important deception.

Meanwhile, there was no easy way to find a female lookalike, and replace the replacement. As the courtiers buried the real Elizabeth Tudor in a stone coffin in the manor grounds, they decided their best hope of protecting themselves and their families was to teach this Bisley boy how to be a princess.

Of course this entire theory sounds absurd, given that every child grows up with tales of our glorious Virgin Queen, celebrated by Shakespeare and venerated in innumerable plays, songs and films over the centuries.

And yet the many corroborating details around this extraordinary tale about the Bisley boy were enough to convince the 19th-century writer Bram Stoker, most famous as the author of Dracula. He included the story as the final chapter in his  book, Imposters.

Stoker had heard persistent stories that a coffin had been discovered by a clergyman at Bisley during the early 1800s, with the skeleton of a girl dressed in Tudor finery, even with gems sewn onto the cloth.

It seemed to chime with local legends persisting for centuries that an English monarch had been, in reality, a child from the village.

Above all, Stoker believed, it was the most plausible explanation  why Elizabeth, who succeeded to  the throne in 1558, aged 25,  never married.

Her most urgent duty, as the last of the Tudor line, was to provide an heir — yet she described herself as a Virgin Queen, and vowed she would never take a husband, even if the Emperor of Spain offered her an alliance with his oldest son.

She stayed true to that oath, provoking a war which almost ended in Spanish invasion in 1588. But Elizabeth did not waver — and never even took an acknowledged lover.

She was fond of proclaiming that she was more of a king than a queen. ‘I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything,’ she declared.

Her most famous speech, to her troops at Tilbury as the Spanish Armada approached, was cheered to the skies as she roared: ‘I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England, too.’

American author Steve Berry believes Elizabeth could have been telling the literal truth — that she had the heart of a man, because her body was male. He has spent 18 months researching the conspiracy for his novel The King’s Deception, a Dan Brown-style thriller set in 21st-century London.

Could the real reason the 'Virgin Queen' never married was that she was secretly a man?

For Berry, who has written 12 thrillers, the trail began with a chance question during a tour of Ely Cathedral in Cambridgeshire three years ago. ‘I always ask if there are any secrets or mysteries, and the guide told me: “There’s nothing at Ely but I’ve heard an incredible rumour in the Cotswolds.” ’

Sceptical at first, Berry uncovered tantalising hints and references in books and ancient manuscripts.
When the ‘princess’ reached her teens, for instance, she was assigned a tutor named Roger Ascham, who was puzzled by her behaviour.

‘The constitution of her mind,’ he wrote, ‘is exempt from female weakness, and she is embued with a masculine power of application … In the whole manner of her life she rather resembles Hippolyte than Phaedra.’

That last, classical allusion was quite venomous: Phaedra was an ancient princess driven mad by her lust for men, while Hippolyte was queen of the Amazons, who lived without any need for men at all. Most convincing to Berry were the contemporary portraits, which are reproduced in his novel.

One picture exists of Elizabeth as a child, attributed to the court painter William Scrots. She had slender shoulders, a delicate neck and a heart-shaped face with ginger hair and eyebrows.

In the next known portrait, shortly after she was crowned queen, her broad shoulders and neck are disguised with heavy furs. She is wearing a wig, and her eyebrows are plucked bare. Her jaw is heavy and square.

All subsequent pictures of the queen were painted to an ideal, showing Elizabeth as she wished to be seen, not as she was.

Even the official portrait commissioned after her death by her chief adviser, Sir Robert Cecil, conformed to what was known as ‘The Mask Of Youth’ — the idealised face of the monarch, which never aged.

Many Tudor courtiers suspected that Elizabeth had a deep secret. Lord Somerset was the power behind the boy king Edward VI’s throne, after Henry VIII died in 1547 when Elizabeth was just 13.

One of his spies, Sir Robert Tyrwhitt, wrote to him: ‘I do verily believe that there hath been some secret promise between my Lady, Mistress Ashley, and the Cofferer [Thomas Parry, the principal officer of the court] never to confess to death, and if it be so, it will be never gotten of her, unless by the King’s Majesty or else by your Grace.’

In modern English: ‘I am certain Lady Ashley and Thomas Parry have a secret, and that there is a pact between them to take it to the grave. If that’s the case, the only people who could force them to divulge this secret are you and the King.’

Those were ominous words: only Somerset and the King had the right to put a suspect to the rack, using torture to extract information.

Bram Stoker believed it was the sheer scale of the deception that made it possible. When Elizabeth returned to London from Bisley, more than a year after she first left the court, it would have been treason for any sceptics to suggest ‘she’ was not the king’s daughter.

‘It is conceivable,’ Stoker remarked drily, ‘that in the case of a few individuals, there might have been stray fragmentary clouds of suspicion.

‘After a time, even suspicion became an impossibility. Here was a young woman growing into womanhood whom all around her had known all her life — or, what was equivalent, believed they had.’

Any differences in her appearance were dismissed as the natural effects of growing up. Elizabeth had been a timid child — now she was a bold and imperious adolescent.

As a little girl, she was exceptionally bright, poring over her books and learning as quickly as her tutors could teach her; now she was slower at her lessons and, though far from stupid, more academic plodder than prodigy.

Her tutor was warned to make her lessons shorter. Roger Ascham commented that the girl who had been said to soak up facts like a sponge was now more like a shallow cup — if wine was poured in too quickly, it would simply splash out again.

Kat Ashley and Thomas Parry — the pair who are suspected of carrying out the deception — remained loyal to the sovereign throughout their lives, as England’s political pendulum swung wildly after the death of Henry VIII.

During Edward VI’s reign, they were Elizabeth’s closest friends, and they stood by ‘her’ during her years of imprisonment in the Tower when her Catholic sister Mary was queen and decided the safest place for Elizabeth was under lock and key, where she could not threaten the throne.

When Mary died at the age of 42, one of Elizabeth’s first acts as queen was to make Lady Ashley her First Lady of the Bedchamber.

For the next seven years, she controlled all access to the young monarch. Elizabeth was devastated when Ashley died in 1565, and went into heavy mourning. Thomas Parry was knighted, and made a Privy Counsellor and Comptroller of the Household — the richest rewards Elizabeth could bestow.

He was a bad-tempered man who made many enemies, and few at court grieved when he died in 1560 — one wag said he expired ‘from mere ill-humour’.

Steve Berry believes the queen must have confessed her secret to her chief minister, William Cecil. The politician had a reputation for an almost supernatural ability to read people and discover facts: she needed Cecil to understand that a marriage would not just have  been pointless, it would have  been ruinous.

If her secret was betrayed, the country could be plunged into civil war. There was no obvious heir, and Mary’s former husband was now Britain’s greatest enemy, Philip II of Spain. Certainly, Cecil was surprisingly stoic about the queen’s determination never to wed.

Publicly, Elizabeth sometimes claimed that people needed to feel their monarch was wedded to the whole country, rather than one man. On other occasions, she hinted that the debacle of her father’s six wives, and her mother’s death at the block, had put her off marriage for life.

If those reasons sound flimsy, the queen’s determination to control her image was iron.

She wore thick make-up ( to hide the beard stubble ) and heavy wigs at all times: no one was permitted to see her without them.

And she controlled her succession with equal ruthlessness.

On her deathbed, she commanded that the crown must go to her cousin’s son — James VI of Scotland, whose mother was Mary Queen of Scots. But the command itself was cryptically worded: ‘I will have no rascal to succeed me, and who should succeed me but a king?’

Was there a hint in those words that for 45 years the figure on the throne had herself been a ‘rascal’, playing a part? Author Steve Berry believes there is only one way to discover the truth. After Elizabeth died in 1603, there was no autopsy.

Instead of a magnificent state funeral for the monarch the nation called ‘Gloriana’, the queen’s bones were interred with those of her sister in Westminster Abbey.

Berry points to the recent DNA analysis that proved that remains discovered under a Leicester car park were those of Richard III, who ruled a century before Elizabeth.

Such high-tech methods would not even be necessary to establish whether the bones in the Abbey tomb were all female, or whether a male skeleton was buried there.

‘Elizabeth’s grave has never been breached,’ Berry says. ‘Now it’s  time to open it up and see what’s  in there.’


Impostors usually pluck their eyebrows.

Below: They cleverly ground away her prominent and manly ADAMs APPLE.



The overthrow of Mary’s Catholicism with Elizabeth I’s  Protestantism ushered in a new era. The Marranos  ( crypto Jews  -- dirty pig in Spanish ) were back with more than a hundred members in London.   Marrano crypto Jews do NOT eat pig . 

The Marranos of London, including, the shipping magnate and arms supplier to Parliament, Antonio Fernando Carvajal a native of Fundão,  Francisco Lopes D’Azevedo, the Spinoza family agent, and the Lopes brothers, were outwardly Protestants, but collected money for a secret synagogue in Antwerp.  They held Jewish religious services in secret near the Tower of London.

78,000 Jews were driven out of Catholic Spain, which the modern Jews have inflated to 300, 000-- as usual. 400 years later Rothschild avenged the Jews and punished the Spaniards using their Jew stooge in USA , President Theodore Roosevelt -- destroying the glorious Spanish Empire. 

Theodore Roosevelt’ father was the Opium agent of Rothschild , using a glass company as a front.
A false flag attack by Jews on USS Maine in Cuba put the blame on Spain.  America would take revenge and the Jew Theodore Roosevelt would avenge the Jews who were kicked out of Spain 400 years ago.

While King Philip ii was preparing his Armada to raid England , the crypto Jew Catholics in Spain, informed Queen Elizabeth , every inch of the progress – a blow by blow account.

So there was NO shock and awe. 
  
It was the Jews who forced King Henry VIII to turn protestant.  They poisoned his syphilis affected mind against his own wife Catherine , who gave him a daughter ( Mary Tudor ) and NO son.

They brainwashed him that God punished him for marrying her . Henry now became really desperate to marry a second wife and the Roman Church refused to annul his first marriage.  

The solution seemed simple. Divorce Catherine and marry someone else. But things weren’t so simple, for as if to prove its moral superiority over Jews the Catholic Church had outlawed divorce. 

Henry VIII began amassing evidence on being prodded on by crypto Jews to make a case that his marriage to Catherine was null and void since he had married a sister-in-law . 

The white Christain man must now believe Capt Ajit Vadakayil on this  -  I could not care less , if they do NOT -

-  THE JEWS AMENDED THE TORAH AND SENT IT TO HENRY VIII  .

The new amended Torah (Vayikra 18:16, 20:21) warns against marrying a sister-in-law, there is also a mitzvah (Devarim 25:5-6) to marry the wife of a deceased brother who left no bonim (literally, sons). 

Crypto Jew Rabbis   Marco Raphael,  Rav Kolonymus ben David and his son-in-law Rav Eliyahu Menachem Chalfan was involved in this great deceit. .

They whispered in his ear that due to the prohibition of eishes ach, Henry VIII’s marriage with Catherine was null and void since Jews no longer observed the mitzvah of yibum. 

Next time you want to silence a drunk in a party- just whisper something into his ear .

TEE HEEE—

--such is the power of a whisper .

These Jews convinced the NOT so bright king that “the Levitial law (that forbids marrying a sister-in-law) takes preponderance .  On the other hand, the law of Deuteronomy was never observed, even by the Jews themselves, after the destruction of Jerusalem, except in matters concerning inheritance.

So dear king you MUST marry a second time, create your own Jew friendly Protestant religion where you ex-communicate the Catholic Pope.

Henry had been so devoted to the Catholic Church that in reaction to Martin Luther.s attack against the Church, Henry had penned a spirited counterattack that earned him the papal title of .Defender of the Faith..

But now, Henry was literally brain whacked into doing the unthinkable.  On May 28, 1533, he cut the Gordian knot, broke with Rome, and had his Archbishop, Thomas Cranmer, declare the marriage to Catherine of Aragon void and his marriage to his second wife, Anne Boleyn, ( mother of Elizabeth 1 ) lawful.  

Spanish Jews now started living boldly as Protestants in public and Jew in private.  There were NO open Jews living in England at the time.

All Jews were expelled from England in 1290 by Edward I.  Jews were not officially allowed to return to England until the 1640's - till when Oliver Cromwell  - a CRYPTO JEW seized power.   

Well, well--what do you know !

William Shakespeare’s  Shylock was inspired by a wicked Marrano Jew ( daytime Lutheran church Protestant/ Night time jew ) named Rodrigo López- Queen Elizabeth 1’s Chief doctor.  

Henry VIII and Elizabeth 1 knew who the wealthy Jews were -  a blind eye was turned to their private religious activities, in return for Hafta .  There was no Inquisition in England. Jews became a useful political tool for an English court at odds with Spain and Portugal. The throne found it was able to make good use of these exotic merchants with their overseas contacts.

She had given her doctor Lopez in 1589  a monopoly on the importation of spices from Kerala .  He tried his Jewish hand too much and got punished.  Lopez was arrested on 1 January 1594, and hanged, drawn and quartered on 7 June 1594.  Just few minutes before Lopez was hanged,  he shouted to the crowd that he loved Jesus as much as he loved Elizabeth. For that insult he was drawn and quartered.

In 1656, Rabbi Menasseh ben Israel of Amsterdam, born Manuel Dias Soeiro in Lisbon, the son of a New Christian nail vendor, convinced Oliver Cromwell it would be just and profitable to allow Jews to return to England.   All this was hog wash as Crypto Jews masquerading as Protestants settled in England during the reigns of King Henry VIII and Elizabeth I.  

In December 1656 Antonio Fernandes Carvajal, the leader of a small group of settlers, acquired land for a Jewish cemetery, a public statement of existence . In 1657 the private synagogue in Creechurch Lane had hundreds of Jewish worshippers.  Ashkenazi Jews from Germany and Poland founded their first synagogue in1692 in Broad Street, Mitre Square.

Oliver Cromwell was financed by the Jews.

I will devote a separate post on Oliver Cromwell later.  

He was an agent of Edomite Jews who conspired to  usurp the throne of England out from under King Charles the II. They were not of the  blood line of Jacob/Israel but were in fact descendants of Esau/Edom as described in Genesis chapter 28.

They were impostors who claimed  to be of the house of Israel and are referred to in Revelation 2:9 and 3:9 as jews, "which say they are Jews, (of the tribe of Judah) and are  not, but do lie," and the lie continues up to this present day! 

Bribed Oliver Cromwell played the Jewish ball and re-admitted the Jews to England in 1657. Soon, the economy of England began to suffer from the effects of Jewish usury, known as the thievery of   fractional reserve banking.

Since that fateful day, the British people have slowly been bled of all their wealth and their vast empire. Cromwell slaughtered English Catholics while courting the foreign Jews. 

Poor Christian John Bull , he knows sh#t about his own history .

It is NOT correct that King Henry VII converted to Protestant Christianity to marry again and have a male heir.    By his first wife Catherine he produced 3 male children, all of whom died mysteriously thanks to his implicit trust on Jewish doctors.

He had produced several children with dozens of mistresses –  all of these affairs were very short lasting from few days to few months. He was never sure if a child was his or somebody elses.

But his affair with gorgeous Elizabeth Blount  ( below) lasted 8 years .  She caught the kings eye as a teenager when she was a maid-of-honour to the King's wife, Catherine of Aragon.


On 15 June 1519, Blount bore the King an illegitimate son who was named Henry FitzRoy. He was the only illegitimate son of Henry VIII whom the King proudly acknowledged as his own and that too in public.  

King Henry VII had proudly exhibited his newborn son to the court.  On 18 June 1525 the six-year-old son was brought to Bridewell Palace  London with great fan fare.  

Young Henry FitzRoy ( below ) was made to kneel  before his father—by the time he rose he was Duke of Richmond and Somerset a great honour with good annuity -expense money.



It was suggested that this boy be named the King's legal heir.  

But Henry later chose Edward VI ( below ) to succeed  him—his male son from his third wife Jane Seymour. He was crowned at the age of 9 and died at the age of 15 at St. James's Palace.  



Henry’s son Edward VI was born immediately BEFORE – not AFTER ( as claimed  ) Fitroy’s death.  .

Fitzroy, a Duke in his own right was given a disgraceful and TOP secret burial-- such is English palace intrigue .  

It is said that orders were given  that the body be wrapped in lead and taken in a closed cart for secret interment, but his servants put the body in a straw-filled wagon.  

The only mourners to the “would have been “ rightful heir to the English throne,  were two lone attendants who followed at a distance.

Edward VI , died of inherited syphilis related diseases  .  

It is still said that Henry Fitzroy might have been made king had Henry VIII died without a legitimate son.

In February 1553, at age 15, Edward fell ill. When his sickness was discovered to be terminal, he and his Council drew up a "Devise for the Succession," attempting to prevent the country's return to Catholicism. 

Edward VI named his cousin, Lady Jane Grey, as his heir and excluded his half-sisters, Mary and Elizabeth.   

However, this decision was disputed following Edward's death, and Jane was deposed by Mary within 13 days.  As queen, Mary hastened to reverse Edward's Protestant reforms.



On 31 January 1510, Queen Catherine gave birth prematurely to a stillborn daughter.  A son, Henry, Duke of Cornwall, was born on New Year's Day 1511.  On 22 February 1511 the young prince died suddenly, living only 52 days.  In 1513, Catherine was pregnant again.  Catherine had lost another son when Henry returned from France.  He died shortly after birth.  In December 1514, she had another son, Prince Henry who died shortly after birth. 

On 18 February 1516, Catherine delivered a healthy girl.  She was named Mary and christened three days later with great ceremony at the Church of Observant Friars . In 1518, Catherine became pregnant for the last time. She gave birth to a daughter on 10 November, but the child  lived only a few days . 

Catherine was pregnant six times altogether.  Henry VIII’s Jewish doctor never recorded the reason why his 3 healthy born sons died after birth



 ###############################################
Sehaj Bhasin
March 17, 2015 at 1:24 PM
Capt,
Rajasthani marwaris are Jews? Then I think the likes of those super rich Jains must also be Jews. These people are very clannish.

I always had a doubt that Jains are even supposed to sweep the ground before setting foot on it then how can they hoard so much money.

Are they crypto Jews or only Jewish in DNA and now they are Hindu converts?

Delete

#################

Hi sb,

Rothschild knew the Chitpavan Jew type mixed Jewish blood.

Marwaris were heavily sponsored by R—as agents in the Opium drug business in Calcutta and Malva. 

Make your own study —

50 years before independence the UTRA RICH Rajasthani Marwaris and Parsi families were OPIUM DRUG RUNNING AGENTS of Rothschild.  

Check out who are the marwaris who are still praising Gandhi and attending every statue inauguration ceremony.

Just like Jews marwaris were engaged in the money lending business, with VERY high interest rates—exploiting vulnerability –which Hindus and Muslims did NOT do..money is god.

Just like Jews the marwaris assumed the name of the place they were from- Singhanaia, Jaipuria, Jhunjunwala,  Shekawati .

Just like Jews , marwaris financed kings to fight wars—sometimes both sides.  

Jagath Seth was a title given by the Mughal emperor. 

The Marwaris had a SUPPORT NETWORK just like Jews. They knew how to monopolise and take down competition ruthlessly.

Just like Jews ,  marwaris used opium money to fund educational institutions and colleges – can you think of a few of them? –it is so easy .   

( Ru#as / Pod#rs/ B#rlas/ Da#mias / Goe#kas --- ) -

How come the diamond industry monopolized by Jews in Antwerp took marwaris/ jains to Antwerp like flies to honey ?  Do you know the SECRET billionaire Indians in antwerp ?

Check out the names of today’s billionaire marwaris in India and abroad who ran educational colleges and print media before independence – d o you think Rothschild will allow , just like that ?

Rothschild allowed only Kerala Syrian Jews , Chitpavan Jews and Parsis to run media.  

MEDIA WAS USED TO BRAINWASH—DIVIDE AND RULE—MAKE RAM OUT OF RAVAN – MAKE INDIANS THANKFUL TO THE WHITE INVADER FOR BUILDING ROADS / RAIL/ BRIDGES ( USED FOR STEALING NATIONAL  WEALTH ).  

THIS MEDIA DID “DOUBLE AGENTS” JOB —THEY WOULD ONLY DO TALK TALK—FREEDOM MAANGTHA HAI TYPE ARTICLES..

Gandhi used to be put by Rothschild in jail  , tom tommed by the Rothschild Indian agent’s media - but later he would be shifted QUIETLY  to one of the palaces of marwaris, like Birla. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/drug-runners-of-india-capt-ajit.html

The CRYPTO JEWS of Europe imported not only in spices from Kerala ( Christians / Muslims were mere middle men ) but also diamonds from India.

The Antwerp diamond business ran in full force during the times of Henry VIII 500 years ago — the crypto Jew diamond mafia helped bribe catholics and wedge out Protestant Christianity .

I will put some details about CRYPTO JEWS , DIAMONDS AND ANTWERP in this very post.

Till the white man discovered diamonds in South Africa in 1886, diamonds were available only in India.  In 1726 the white man had found some" low quality" diamonds on a Brazilian river bed. The next discovery was in 1906 in Congo. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/total-internal-reflection-capt-ajit.html

WHY DID ROTHSCHILD ALLOW KATHIAWARIS / PALANPURIS IN THE ANTWERP DIAMOND BUSINESS ? 

CHAKKAR KYA HAI BHAIYYA ?

GANDHIs KATHIAWARI COMMUNITY WERE SAME AS MARWARIS  --  AN ANCIENT JEWISH SECT FROM MESAPOTAMIA .  

Gandhi’s father was PRIME MINISTER  of Porbandar state, Dewan of Rajkot and Bikaner.  Even Wikipedia puts down Gandhi’s religion as part Hindu - part Jain ( AISA KAISA BHAIYYA ? ).

83% of the world's polished diamonds pass through the hands of Indian merchants—the  biggest players in the multibillion-dollar diamond business.  They are afraid of getting assassinated by rival Jews . 

When Ajmal Kasab and party came to Mumbai— ALL THESE DIAMOND TRADER OWNERS were having a conference in Taj and Oberoi hotels.   Poor Adani was at Taj.  

Unless you are a DIMWIT you will wonder why these Islamic terrorists went all the way to Oberoi hotel . The beer bar near Taj had Indian diamond businessmen. Chabad house heavily in the diamond business was targeted . 

The train terminus attack was just a smoke fog. Ajmal Kasab was meant to be caught, tried and executed and give BULL ( PRE-PROGRAMMED IN SUBCONSCIOUS ) during NARCO tests . 

The CIA/ MOSSAD blue book addresses the NARCO / TRUTH SERUM problem.  They know how to make a  CHOOT out of the investigators—after all how can such a drug test lie ? 

If the INDIAN SECURITY interrogators are NOT idiots of the first order ,  they must understand that they were given a BALI KA BAKRA who cannot spill any truth - 

---only because he does not know any DAMN FUCKING TRUTH.   

He was NOT even in the outer ONION LAYER  
.
This tactic is part of any Jewish attack blue book .  

Kasab will NOT even know why RAW officer Hemant Karkare ( posted in Austria and privy to Israeli diamond mafia secrets .) was killed.    De Beers and Lev Leviev cartels do NOT see eye to eye!

NARCO TEST MEIN WOH HUMKO AISA BATAAYA – 

HUMKO SAB MALOOM HAI -   DEKH HUM HAI AWAAAL  -

CHAAL , DOORDARSHAN WALAH GIFT HAMPER KA PRIZE NIKAAAL  -  

TAHRO , HUM 3 PIECE SUIT PAHANKE CHAAWAL HOON

 – NAY—

ATTA HOON  --!

See, you made me say all this !

Nowadays when a child buys a ARMY TOY KIT— the biggest doll inside is an EMBEDDED REPORTER . 

Below: Charlie Hebdo FALSE FLAG attack had an EMBEDDED REPORTER.


Same way when a child buys a SECRET SERVICE 007 TOY KIT – the biggest doll inside is a NARCO TEST BALI KA BAKRA .

PERCEPTION ka matlab samaj mein aaya ?

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

###########################################


So, to marry again to produce a male heir King Henry VIII , took matters  into his own hands ith some Jewish help.  Henry made himself the head of the Protestant Church of England which ex-communicated the Pope. Jews instigated and Henry sold many huge churches—the stones were sold to make houses.

Henry VIII was in touch with a crypto Jew named John Calvin , who was GAY and also a sadist. Calvin wedged away his own Protestant branch .

The Jewish plotters introduced Calvinism into England to split Church and State, and divide the people further.  Martin Luther and England’s King Henry VIII lived at the same time.  Till recent times nobody believed that John Calvin was a Jew.   



At the B’nai B’rith celebrations held in Paris, France, in 1936, Calvin, was proudly acclaimed to be a brother Jew with surname Cohen.  Like Martin Luther the Jews had made DOUBLE AGENT John Calvin pretend to be an great anti-semite by abusing the Jews openly. 

The Jews had made him out to be a great intellectual.   John Calvin used Protestant principles to establish a religious government; and in 1555, he was given absolute supremacy as leader in Geneva, where Jew media made him out to be a great hero. 

In the first five years of his rule in Geneva, 58 Catholics were executed by this Jew and 76 exiled for their religious beliefs. 

Calvin allowed no art other than music, and even that could not involve instruments. Under his rule, Geneva became the center of Protestantism, and sent out pastors to the rest of Europe, creating Presbyterianism in Scotland, the Puritan Movement in England and the Reformed Church in the Netherlands. 

Calvin died on May 27, 1564, in Geneva, Switzerland.   When Protestant Christians  came to know that he was a crypto Jew , they vandalized his grave .



Till a decade ago , the Jew monopolized media wrote that there were no Jews in England between 1290 and 1656. 

But in this internet age , truth has spilled out.  

Jews had been masquerading sometimes as Catholics, other times as Protestants (Marranos) settled in England during the reigns of King Henry VIII and Elizabeth I.  

The Jews demanded their pound of flesh for helping Henry VIII divorce his first wife and marry again against the rules of Catholic church—so that he could produce a male heir to his throne.  Stupid Henry VIII never knew what his Jew doctors did to his 3 male bonny sons .  

Jews got knowledge of Ayurveda and imported Ayurvedic herbs from Kerala along with the spices . Many Kings and Queens in Europe and the Popes knew that their doctors were Jews , but kept quiet. 

The Jew shipowners also imported diamonds from India and used Antwerp as a diamond trade centre –those days diamonds were found only in India.

 If you list out the names of the ULTRA rich diamond trading families , you will know they they were agents of Jews. Most of these billionaire Indian crypto Jews ( Marwaris/ Palanpuris, Katiawaris , crypto Jains) have settled down in Antwerp and lead low profile lives. 

Crypto Jains are diamond trading Indian Jews who told the world that they were Jains—these people ate meat on the quiet. 

If you go to Antwerp you can still see their descendants with Jain surnames eat beef. 

I have been to Antwerp more than 70 times over 40 years at sea.  I know these diamond polishing/ trading areas.  I used to connect with an huge gorilla in the Antwerp zoo-basically went ashore to see the huge MF. 

Once I took my wife and the gorilla kept staring at her, and she ran from there.



Hey, do you like this Antwerp dog ? To be frank Witney Houston howls by pursing her voice box-- anybody can sing like this -- it requires NO talent  .  I guess I like the dog better .




EVEN MEN CAN SING THIS SONG - IF THEY PURSE THE VOICE BOX .



One diamond dealer Ramesh Mehta explained in a kosher magazine “ There are even some Jewish-Indian married couples in Antwerp.  Judaism and our Jainisim have a number of similarities. Like Jews, he says followers of Jainism are used to working hard and they reject every form of violence”  

Hey, how about making CHOOTS out of everybody else ?.

Ramesh Mehta explains “ Most Indian diamond traders are from the Gujarat region”  Today we know that Gandhi’s family was from the same influential clan. .

Ahwin Jahwery, president of the wholesale trader Diabelge is from the city of Palanpur in Gujarat, where his great grandfather  polished diamonds on a pedal-driven wheel.  

Like Jews the Indian diamond dealers tend to marry among each other, most of the Indian families of Antwerp are related.

The Indian origin population in Belgium numbers about 14,200, of whom 5,300, belonging to 610 families, are in the diamond trade.

Antwerp not only has the largest regular market for diamonds in the world; it also has the largest black market. It's here that dictators and rebels sell the diamonds by which they finance their devastating civil wars.   A pocketful of jewels is enough to allow an African warlord to buy enough Kalashnikovs for a whole army.

In 2002, diamond dealer Vijay Shah organized a flashy marriage for his son and his daughter – exceeding the splurge of royal European weddings. Only then the world knew the amount of wealth the Indian diamond merchants owned.  Tiffany and Van Cleef & Arpels attended the weddings ..

After Independence a lot of of the Indian diamond merchants have connections with the Indian underworld.

http://gulfnews.com/life-style/culture/the-big-fat-indian-weddings-in-the-west-1.1107973

Vijay Shah’s brother Bharat Shah is a diamond merchant, Hindi film financer ( producer of Devdas – starring Shah Rukh Khan / Aishwarya rai ) who was sentenced to one year in jail.



In 1497, the King Of Portugal removed all restrictions imposed on New Christians ( Jews converted to Catholic Christianity )  .  

Soon a steady stream of the wealthy and educated Marranos started leaving Portugal, settling in Antwerp, Amsterdam, Hamburg, Bordeaux, Rouen, Livorno, Naples, Venice, Ferrara, Ragusa, Salonica, Constantinople, Bristol, London, and Dublin.

The CRYPTO JEWS ( Marranos ), outwardly Catholic, remained Jews in their hearts, secretly observing essential Judaism to the twentieth century, despite nearly 300 years of persecution by the Inquisition.


In 1492, the Sephardic Jews (i.e. Iberian as contrasted with Ashkenazi from Germany/Poland) were expelled from newly created Spain.   In 1499 Ferdinand and Isabel expelled the Jews from Spain—a measure which was speedily imitated in Portugal and Navarre.




Mind you, the Jews discriminated against their own.  A Marrano who escaped from his native land, but was not circumcised through neglect ( or lack of opportunity ) , was prevented from participating in the services in the synagogue until he was circumcised.

In 1512, the House of Mendes ( Crypto Jews ) , which had the monopoly of the lucrative pepper trade from Kerala open a branch office in Antwerp –which made it a HUB for spice and diamonds. 

From Constantinople the Jew shipowners  brought the spices to Antwerp and from there sold it at massive profits all over Europe..   

To their favourite “play ball” kings and Popes they send special exotic spices . The Jews found to their great joy that every Catholic had his price .

Let me get into greater detail-

A Jew in Spain who chose to cling to his ancestors’ faith had the option of leaving the kingdom and rebuilding his life elsewhere.

But in Portugal, there was no such option.

The King issued a FIAT that every single Jew would henceforth be considered Christian, without their consent.  The Jews were ordered to adopt Catholic foreign names, to participate in Christian services, and to give their children a Catholic education.   

Spies and guards were posted at every border crossing to prevent Jews from escaping to countries outside the jurisdiction of the Inquisition.   The iron curtain had fallen quickly, isolating the Jews of Portugal from the rest of the world.

Among them were two rich Spanish Jew brothers, Tzemach and Meir Benvenisti who changed their names to Francisco and Diego Mendes.

Out of consideration for the “New Christians,” the Portuguese king announced that they would be given a familiarization –nay-  acclimatization period (TEE HEEEE )  of thirty years.

During this time the Inquisition would not be active in the kingdom, and no steps would be taken against those who were suspected of continuing to practice Judaism.  

The Jews took full advantage and went on overdrive with their meanness and clannishness—for they knew the king and the Pope had received a Kosher bribe.

The Christian priests were terrible upset to see Jews cocking a snook by melting from church in the middle or mass or a sermon.

The PISSED OFF bishops wrote to the Pope –KYA HO RAHA HAI ?

Then in 1498, Portuguese ship captain Vasco Da Gama landed in my hometown Calicut.

Expensive spices ,diamonds, precious stones, and exotic luxurious items began to travel along this route, placing Portugal on the path to becoming an economic power.

In 1510, Francisco and Diego Mendes founded a spice trading company in Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal. Two years later, the House of Mendes opened a branch in Antwerp, and monopolized the spice / diamond market by giving massive kickbacks to the right people .

Francisco Mendes soon became the  “the spice king of Europe.” The brothers amassed a humongous fortune by excessive and easy profits as middlemen . They now established an international network of distributors throughout Europe.

The House of Mendes had agents in Lisbon, Antwerp, London, Paris, Aix-les-Baines, Venice, Florence, Ancona, Salonica, Alexandria, and Constantinople.

These agents managed a vast network that advanced the company’s interests, while maintaining a constant stream of information and spy communication between the branches.

They kept a track of vulnerable people like sex maniac kings and homosexual popes –and if they could NOT bribe, they twisted arms .

They had the pigeon system of communications and know what happened where , as soon as it happened.

A large portion of the wealth that the company amassed was kept aside for loans, bribes and HAFTAS to kings, princes, and bishops- AS A COMPANY POLICY .

The money flowed generously, but also under the watchful eyes of the Mendes brothers.

Their financial ties translated into incredibly powerful political leverage, and agents of the House of Mendes found doors opening for them in high places at surprising times.

The House of Mendes had a SECRET UNDERWORLD of Jews – a well established MAFIA having spies and henchmen everywhere .   

The craft Jews PLANTED talented  cooks, doctors, musicians,good looking honey pot whores and homosexuals in Kings Palaces and Vatican .

They knew that BRIBES and EXPLOITING VULNERABILITY of Kings and Popes -- were the key to open all doors.

The Jew spies created RED TAPE.  Then they took advantage of the red tape. The Inquisition’s supporters found themselves contending with an efficient, sophisticated fifth column that utilized the cumbersome bureaucracy of the Church to hamper its efforts in every possible way.

Documents would disappear in transit, pages would be missing, vital files would be lost, important messages would never arrive at their destination, princes and rulers would succumb to massive bribes, and guards would disappear or fall asleep at crucial moments.

The date on which the Inquisition had been scheduled to begin in Portugal had long passed, but the diligent operations of the House of Mendes caused the church’s activities to be postponed again and again.

Marranos' presence was noticeable in Rome and, even more so, the seaport of Ancona, where they thrived under benevolent ( read that as BRIBED ) popes Clement VII (1523–34), Paul III (1534–49), and Julius III (1550–55).  

Such was the money power in cash and kind that they even received a guarantee that if accused of apostasy they would be subject only to papal authority.   

Marranos settled in Venice in the 15th and early 16th centuries but were subjected to decrees of expulsion in 1497 and again in 1550.    Thereafter huge bribes forced the  city policy began to change. Venice not only welcomed Marranos but kept the Inquisition at bay. 

Crypto Jewess widow Dona Gracia Mendes NASI , ( Senyora Beatrice de La Luna Nassi),was a great heroine for the crypto Jews Marranos  .   

She owned several  printing presses to give false information and to put FOG into King Henry's head over his marriage / divorce rules .  

KAUN SA RABBI / TALMUD/ TORAH  RULE MAANGTHA HAI ? -  

YEH LE !!--  

HERE IS PRINTED ROKKAD KA PROOF !!!

AUR KUCH ?

In 1552 she settled with her daughter Reyna at Constantinople and there also openly confessed Judaism.

Her father was Alvaro de Luna of Aragon considered a Nasi or Prince in Hebrew and her mother was Phillipa Benveniste, of a Nasi family as great granddaughter of Don Abraham Benveniste of Castile. 

In 1528, Beatriz de Luna Gracia Nasi married the very rich black pepper trader Crypto Jew  Francisco Mendes Benveniste.

Jew Francisco Mendes owned  along with his brothers Diogo Mendes  and Goncalo Mendes a bank with agents and branched all over  Europe and Mediterranean.

Jew Goncalo Mendes financed the Vasco Da Gama voyages to India. This man had been to Calicut my hometown.

Diogo Mendes Mendes had an agent in England and financed  / bribed Henry the VIII .   In 1532, Henry VIII intervened personally on Diogo’s behalf when King Charles V arrested him in Antwerp on charges of Judaizing.

Mind you, they were just one of the six Jewish families that monopolized and controlled the spice trade from India.

The house of Mendes financed the kings and queens of Portugal, Spain, England, the Flanders and the popes in Rome..   They also controlled the stock market all over Europe. The hub of the spice/diamond trade, Antwerp was part of the Spanish Empire.


Following the death of her husband she took over his role in running the business with his brother Diogo taking sole charge when Diogo died.   

SHE ALLOWED HER SHIPS TO BE USED BY JEWS FOR SUBVERSIVE ACTIVITIES.   



Dona Gracia Mendes, loaned money to Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.

Later she brought in her nephew, who became the illustrious Joseph Nasi, Duke of Naxos-   a prominent figure in the politics of the Ottoman Empire. 

In 1544, she had a dispute with her sister, Brianda,  Diogo's wife, regarding his estate, and had to flee to the nearby city state of Ferrara.   In 1553, she moved to Istanbul, in the Ottoman domains, where she arranged for her daughter to marry her husband's nephew, Don Joseph Nasi.

Israel’s political leaders honored Dona Gracia Mendes, for the first time in October, 2010— a late recognition considering , she had risked her life and fortunes for her brother/ sister Jews more than any man.   

She used her printing press to take out the Ferrara Bible from Sephardic source texts to break the backbone of the Catholic church.




This Jewess had BALLS and SPIRIT ! 



Today the Zionists apply ECONOMIC SANCTIONS  at the drop of a hat .

Do they even know who did it first ?

In 1555, the newly elected Pope Paul IV caused about 100 Jews in the port city of Ancona to be  ortured by the Inquisition and sentenced to be burned at the stake.  

Dona Gracia petitioned the sultan for help, but despite her best efforts, these Jews were roasted alive. For the first time in Jewish history since the Bar Kochba rebellion, this gritty Jewess initiated a proactive defense.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/bar-kokhba-in-fight-to-finish-over.html

Asking all  Jewish merchants for solidarity, she placed an international embargo on the important Italian port of Ancona.  

The last time I praised a Jew for BALLS and SPIRIT was a superspy named Richard Sorge.   James Bond 007 was the dirt under his fingernail .  
  
An iron cross recipient during WW1 , he would drink like mad .  Any attractive woman who crossed his path whom he fancied would open out her legs for him, like magic.

Like in real Bond movies an attractive Japanese honeypot dancer snitched on him and he got hanged.



HEY, THIS JEW RICHARD SORGE AND JEWESS GRACIA MENDES NASI , HAS MY RESPECT ! 

FOR CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WHO BOLLOCKS JEWS HOUR AFTER HOUR IN HIS BLOGS ,  TO SAY THIS  --    SHOWS WHAT THESE TWO PEOPLE WITH HUMONGOUS HUMAN SPIRIT  ARE WORTH  . .

"Sorge was the man whom I regard as the most formidable spy in history." - Ian Fleming

"In my whole life, I have never met anyone as great as he was." - Mitsusada Yoshikawa, Chief Prosecutor in the Sorge trials who obtained Sorge's death sentence

"Richard Sorge was the best spy of all time." - Tom Clancy






Cast away in beauty’s gloom
The good in me, the child within
A cruelest heart made me forget
The world as I wish it to be

Home inside but lost for life
Human heart longing for love
Slave to the toil, this mortal coil
The strife, the suffering, the void

Silent night surrounding me
On the shore of wistful sea
A kindest heart made me believe
The world as I wish it to be


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html


As soon as the Protestant Christianity religion was firmly established all Crypto Jews pretended to be Protestants.  

But sooner than later all protestants started hating these money lending Protestants – and they knew who these clannish people with large noses and curly hair were. 

They were able to change everything except the MEANNESS programmed in their DNA. 

In Hamburg, destined to become one of the wealthiest and most productive Marrano centers, the settlement of Jews was not officially authorized until 1612 and Jewish public worship not until 1650. These were the crafty people Hitler has to deal with.

Bribes ensured that Marranos in Amsterdam differed from those in other Protestant countries in that they openly practiced Judaism almost from the moment of their arrival. Thanks to the Marranos ( literally PIGS ) , Amsterdam became one of the greatest Jewish centers in the world

Amsterdam even became known as "the Dutch Jerusalem." 




The city was also a haven for oppressed Jews from places other than Spain and Portugal.   




Even today Amsterdam had the Jewish homosexual scar-- the open decadence, the debauchery ---. I have seen every nook and corner in the PRE-AIDS era . 
AAAARGGHHH  PPTHHHEEEEOOOYYYYY !




It is the place where you can get the sleaziest sex , and smut —  SM meant real blood flowed - teen sex meant small children - LIVE show included audience participation, with homely tourist women joining in on stage  .




--- we sailors who travel around the world can vouch for this. 





IF YOU STAY IN ANY GOOD  HOTEL IN AMSTERDAM THERE WILL BE A SEX DIRECTORY ON THE TABLE .



--INCLUDING MIDGET AND ANIMAL SEX -  MIDGET MEN HAD SUPER HUGE DONGS  -



Above:     If they fancy your looks-they will show you their TWATS and show a placard "50% discount - KISSING ALLOWED " .  they get UPSET if you walk away .

Marranos from Holland were among the first settlers in Surinam , where a substantial Sephardi community came into being after 1650.    

Other former Marranos were also found in Barbados .

The Jews started SLAVERY.

At Surinam ? --  36,000 Indians

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html



FEEL THE PAIN - OF THE SWINDLED !

crossing over seven seas
promised a new land
how we have been crimped by them
and taken to Surinam

clothing, food, jewellery
all hope bound in togs
with the blessing of God Rama in our hands
depending on strangers on the water
with some regret and pain in the heart
may be better times will come now
after years of waiting
we too get some warmth of the sun

a few months together on the ship
mutual ties originate
the contract safely packed away
all kinds of thoughts appear
what kind of people will we meet in that land
will harvest be good
after five years of working hard and saving
I will return to my village

after such a long time in Surinam, brother
slowly one will get used to everything
now after having worked so hard
to leave everything behind and return
stay here says the heart
the state supports too with a piece of land
but in a corner of my heart
remains the dream of returning
to my village, one day

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/02/the-charge-of-light-brigade-exhuming.html

At Barbados ? ---  the Jews screwed the Irish Catholics for giving shelter to the shipwrecked Spanish Catholic sailors of the Armada—white slaves if you please .




THE CHICANERY THE JEWS IMPOSED ON KING HENRY VIII TO REMARRY AND GET INTO LOGGER HEADS WITH THE CATHOLIC POPE WAS AMAZING.--- CHICANERY FOR WHICH THEY ARE WORLD FAMOUS TODAY .

JEW DOCTORS WHO ATTENDING TO HENRYs SYPHILLIATED PRICK KEPT FILLING HIS EARS – AS TO WHAT HE MUST DO NEXT.

POOR HENRY HAD NO OPTION BUT TO COMPLY , HE WAS NOT TOO BRIGHT ANYWAY.

BLAH BLAH  to annul his long-standing marriage there was biblical authority in Leviticus xviii. 16, in which an alliance between a man and his brother's wife is categorically forbidden. On the other hand, in Deuteronomy xxv. 5, such a union is expressly prescribed if the brother had died childless, in order that his name should be perpetuated. The problem of interpretation is highly perplexing and only qualified Rabbis can do it BLAH BLAH

BLAH BLAH  the importance of Hebrew tradition for the correct comprehension of Holy Writ is paramaount. Since Jews are  now excluded from both England and Spain, it was to the Jewish quarters of Italy, and especially to that of Venice, that can give guidance   BLAH BLAH

THE JEWS FUDGED THE SCRIPTURES BY PRINTING NEW ONES - TEEE HEEEEE !

BLAH BLAH  Henry VIII must insist on expert rabbinical opinions for kingly personal consideration BLAH BLAH

WHY DOES AN ENGLISH KING CARE FOR JEW OPINION ?. TEEE HEEEE !

BLAH BLAH Marco Raphael must be  consulted by the King’s solicitor to prove to prove from Leviticus that Henry’s marriage to Katherine – his brother Arthur’s widow – had been unlawful. BLAH BLAH


BLAH BLAH -  ancient Jewish Law found in the Book of Leviticus says : "The man who takeTH his brother's wife in marriage does a forbidden thing, bringing shame on his own brother; children they shall never have" (20:21).  But Hey, this is in contradiction to the command in Deuteronomy 25 that a man sire children for his childless brother's widow. So this Levitican curse did not apply to King Henry. He is not childless. He has a daughter  Mary.  So divorcing Catherine is a chenga thing to do-- BLAH BLAH 


BLAH BLAH since the Pope had sanctioned his marriage based on the levirate marriage described in Deuteronomy 25.  In the event of a brother dying childless, his brother would marry the widow and have children to carry on the dead brother's name.  Since the  texts contradict each other, then interpretation and tradition must come into play.  Only the Jews who spent quality time in Yeshivah  have the answer  – SAAMPH BHI MARE LAATHI BHI NA TOOTHE . BLAH BLAH

BLAH BLAH  Venetian rabbi, Isaac Halfon, was ekdum sure that since the end of the Talmudic period, the Biblical law of Yibum, requiring a brother to marry the widow of a childless brother, had fallen into abeyance and only the divorce, Chalitza was used.  Therefore the marriage contacted with Arthur’s widow was against Jewish law, regardless of whether it had been consummated or not. Furthermore the same rabbi who had banned polygamy, Rabbeinu Gershom (960 –1028) and the later Rabbeinu Tam (1100 -1171) both undisputed authorities of European Jewry, had banned the levirate marriage on principle. BLAH BLAH

BLAH BLAH  Yaakov Rephael Ben Yechiel Chaim Paglione of Modena who are experts support Henry VIII – abhe Pope ko kya mallom .  Italian rabbis bhi aisa hi bolta hai – chal Marco Raphael ko bulaake pooch ! Ye sab itna aasan cheez nahi hai . bahoot complaex hai bhaiyya  - bahoot jhameelu hai - BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH


BLAH BLAH  ye Pope saala achcha aadmi naahi hai. See, the pope had authority to abrogate the rules besha’as hadechak and could easily annul Henry.s marriage.  After all, had the pope not recently provided this exact service for the King.s brother-in-law, the duke of Suffolk?  KAISA NAAINSAAFI HAI toba toba ---BLAH BLAH 


BLAH BLAH   Chal hum log Rabbis ko lekhe halachic evidence nikaalte hain – hum log ye case jeetenge HUM HONGE KAAMYAAB !  BLAH BLAH 

BLAH BLAH  Let use import Bomberg Talmud,(  the first complete set of the Talmud that was printed , specially to make a CHOOT out of Henry VIII  )  and ask expert Rabbis  Rav Kolonymus ben David and his son-in-law, the rabbi, Rav Eliyahu Menachem Chalfan.  BLAH BLAH 


BLAH BLAH due to the prohibition of eishes ach, Henry VIII’s marriage with Catherine was null and void since Jews no longer observed the mitzvah of yibum. See we have just found out that the Levitial law [that forbids marrying a sister-in-law] was never  abolished .  See we Jews ourselves never observed  the law of Deuteronomy, after the destruction of Jerusalem, except in matters concerning inheritance.  You can safely enter a second marriage.  Don’t let the Pope fool you. BLAH BLAH

BLAH BLAH  Why should an Englishman  be subservient to Rome? This issue should be decided by the churchmen in England.  Why dontyou form a new renegade Anglican Church ? . Cut the Gordian Knot!  DO IT NOW – KYA TUMHAARA GAAND MEIN TATTI NAHI HAI KYA ? BLAH BLAH

POOOOOSSSSSHHHHHH –    THAT IS A KOSHER FART .

On May 28, 1533, King Henry VIII  cut the Gordian knot,  broke with Rome, defied the Pope to do his worst and had his new Archbishop, Thomas Cranmer, declare the marriage to Catherine of Aragon void and his marriage to his second wife, Anne Boleyn, lawful.    

Sir William Butts was King Henry’s doctor from 1528 till his death in 1545  and was also a member of the court .    Butts was buried in a tomb at All Saints Church, Fulham, but his tomb was vandalised by the people who came to know that he was a Crypto Jew.

The Protestant Revolution was the first time in the history of Western Europe that the established Church was thoroughly defeated.  True, the Church made a comeback, so to speak, in the Counter-Reformation – in the founding of the Jesuits by Ignatius of Loyola.

Ignatius of Loyola was a Spanish knight from a local Basque noble family, hermit, priest since 1537, and theologian, who founded the Society of Jesus (Jesuits) and, on 19 April 1541, became its first Superior General.

 Ignatius emerged as a religious leader during the Counter-Reformation.  Loyola's devotion to the Catholic Church was characterized by absolute obedience to the Pope.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

On May 6th 1542, St Francis Xavier of the CATHOLIC Jesuit order of Ignatius Loyola , at the young age of 36,  landed at Goa, after a 13 month ardous voyage round the Cape of Good Hope—to initiate the Goan Inquisition.

From the 1600s on, the Roman Catholic Church never again tried by force of arms to bring the Protestants back into the fold. A tacit understanding existed between the two, which it does until today. That does not mean that there aren’t radicals on both sides that would to destroy each other, but for the most part an unstated peace treaty has remained in place since then.

Judaism is the Abrahamic religion of the Jewish people, based on principles and ethics embodied in the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and the Talmud (the great written opinions of the different rabbi's and intellectuals and so called “holy men”  throughout the years).

Judaism has considered belief in the divine revelation and acceptance of the Written and Oral Torah as its fundamental core belief. The Jewish Bible is called Tanakh which is the dictating religious dogma

The Religion of Mary and Joseph was the Jewish religion.

The Jewish origin is also evident in many prayer formulas (e.g., Amen , Hallelujah ), the accounts as a Passover meal), and contains such traditional Jewish elements as the breaking of the bread and the use of the cup (kos shel berakhah). Christians subsequently interpreted this "Last Supper" as the ultimate fulfillment of the Passover in which Jesus, the "lamb of God"

According to biblical revelation, God himself constituted the Hebrews as a people. The Lord did this after having made a covenant with them (cf. Gen. 17:7; Ex. 24:1–8).

According to rabbinic law, Jews who confess Jesus as the Messiah are considered apostate Jews,
Crypto Jew Daniel Bomberg the Hebrew BULL printer churned out what Henry VIII must consider- or Jesus will get annoyed , right?

Crypto Jews Thomas  Cromwell  helped put FOG into King Henry VIIIs  head  -- he was the main Jew who engineered the annulment of the king's marriage to Queen Catherine of Aragon, to allow Henry to marry his mistress Anne Boleyn.

After failing in 1534 to obtain the Pope's approval of the request for annulment, the BRIBED Parliament endorsed the King's claim to be head of a breakaway Church of England, thus giving Henry the authority to annul his own marriage.   Thomas Cromwell subsequently plotted an evangelical, reformist course for the embryonic Church of England .

Henry tried all sorts of ways of getting the Pope to agree but the Pope was BRIBED BY JEWS.   
After several years of fruitless negotiations, Henry declared religious independence. He set up the Protestant Church of England with himself as the supreme religious head.

In 1534 THOMAS Cromwell was appointed master of the Rolls, and in 1535 chancellor of Cambridge University and visitor-general of the monasteries. He had boasted that he would make Henry VIII the richest prince in Christendom T.

THOMAS Cromwell was rewarded in July 1536 by being knighted, created lord privy seal, Baron Cromwell, and vicar-general and viceregent of the king in "Spirituals."

Thomas Cromwell got his due when he was exposed as a practicing Jew.  He was  beheaded on Tower Hill without trial on 28 July 1540, the day of the King's marriage to his fifth wife Catherine Howard.

After the execution, his head was set on a spike on London Bridge  . Crypto Jew Oliver Cromwell who admitted Jews back to England descended from Katherine Cromwell, Thomas Cromwell's elder sister.

Before his death Thomas Cromwell took pathological revenge on Catholics behind King Henry’s back.  He embarked on a gruesome mission to destroy the glorious Templar Knight monasteries, and seize their vast assets.  

 He did NOT use force. But he used DECEIT of giving a dog a badname and killing it on the streets .

He established FAKE searching enquiries, and a network of crypto Jew informers, inside the religious houses, collecting cooked up incriminating evidence.

His attack was two pronged .  He sent his own commissioners to the larger monasteries to offer the priors and abbots either a pension and a peaceful retirement  -  or deep trouble. The commissioners were arm twisted to tell whatever Thomas Cromwell wanted—about someone ‘s mistress or someone’s  illegitimate children.

In the very blackest of black propaganda, Thomas Cromwell ordered the circulation of a sleazy pornographic pamphlet, actually called The Black Book, describing in nauseating detail abnormal and unnatural lusts ( including pedophilia , homosexuality , bestiality –worship of PAGAN relics etc) within the walls of the abbeys and monasteries.

The Dissolution of the Monasteries (which term includes abbeys and convents), covers the four years between Apr 1536 and Apr 1540. In Apr 1536, there were over 800 monasteries, abbeys, nunneries and friaries that were home to over 10,000 monks, nuns, friars and canons.  By April 1540 there were none left.  Much of the property was bought by or granted to CRYPTO JEW landowners.

Thomas Cromwell, as the King Henry’s  vicar-general in spirituals- and he wielded unlimited power.
He has vested "with authority to undertake, by himself or his agents, a general visitation of churches, monasteries, and clergy", and to bring them into line with the new order of things.

Monasteries were looked upon as the great bulwarks of the Catholic papal system; the monks had been called "the great standing army of Rome".  A document, dated 21 Jan 1535, allows Cromwell to conduct the visit through "Crypto Jew commissaries" rather than personally, as the minister is said to be at that time too busy with "the affairs of the whole kingdom".

In Apr 1535 "all supporters of the pope's jurisdiction" were ordered to be arrested.   They were charged with "denying the King to be supreme head of the English Church" and were sentenced to deathOn May 4 1535  they were put to death as traitors at Tyburn, hanged in their full religious regalia dress.

At this time Thomas Cromwell decided to use the King's new powers of visitation to compile the "Valor Ecclesiastious", a detailed assessment of all clerical incomes from those of bishoprics down to those of vicarages and chapels, in order to collect the newly reinstated annates tax, formerly paid to the Pope, now ordered to be paid to the King. 


Henry, with a complicit Parliament, attacked the whole English clergy.  Charged with praemunire, a kind of treason, the clergy were forced to pay Henry a sum of 100,000 pounds to purchase a pardon for the imagined offense and were forced to acknowledge Henry as the "protector and Supreme head of the Church in England. . 

On the heels of that edict came the Submission of the Clergy, in which the clergy lost all right of legislation except through the king.

The BRIBED Parliament allowed innocent monks and regular canons to be expelled from the greater monasteries . They were more than 3300 in number; the friars, 1800;  and the nuns, 1560.  Anybody who objected too hard were summarily executed. 

 The others more than 5000 monks, 1600 friars, and 2000 nuns, were given PEANUT pensions.  

In August 1537, Thomas Cromwell wrangled for himself the rank of Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Garter, the highest honour possible.

On January 4, 1536, Cromwell presented a "Black Book" to Henry in which he spelled out all of the monasteries' faults – mostly cooked up .

 By 1540, all monastic property passed to the king.  In all, 548 monasteries and 160 convents were closed down .  Vatican owned 40% of the real estate in pre-Reformation England. “Vast structures called monasteries covered the land like the plague of locusts on ancient Egypt” was the propaganda  . 
Martin Luther published a book entitled De votis monasticis (On the monastic Vows), a treatise which declared that the monastic life had no Scriptural basis, was pointless and also actively immoral in that it was not compatible with the true spirit of Christianity.  Most of the abbeys were pulled down and the stones were used by the locals to build their own houses.

The copper on the roofs was turned into bronze cannon for the king's ships.  


The  monks and nuns turned out into the street to find, in Cromwell's words, "real work."   Once I heard President Bush ask Michael Moore to find real work .


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_monasteries_dissolved_by_Henry_VIII_of_England

Commissioners paid lightning visits around the country, making more shocking discoveries-again mostly stage managed where Crypto Jew pregnant women with many children would say that they were ex- nuns..

Their report was presented to Parliament. All but the prologue of the Report of the Commission, known as the 'Black Book', was destroyed under the reign of Catholic Queen Mary.  

QUOTE “ There were found in them not seven, but more than 700,000 deadly sins UNQUOTE  -- a sentence from this black book.

But, like Catherine of Aragon, Anne failed to give Henry the son he wanted, and when she miscarried in January 1536, he lost hope that she would.  

He began complaining that Anne had seduced him into marrying her — an accusation carrying suggestions of witchcraft — and he showed a growing interest in her maid of honour, Jane Seymour.

Dissolving the marriage to Anne Boleyn was a complex issue for Henry, who feared it would re-confirm ‘the authority of the Pope’.  

But Anne was also making a BITTER ENEMY of Crypto Jew  Thomas Cromwell, Henry’s  chief minister, with whom she quarreled over money raised from the dissolution of the monasteries.

It was crypto Jew Thomas Cromwell who was responsible for spreading poisonous rumours about Anne Boleyn having incestuous sex with her brother- and finally got her beheaded by sword.





King Henry VIII  had parliament make him the functional pope of a new church, the “Church of England”. 

The suppression of the Catholic Church in England was the dress rehearsal for the Rothschild  to do the French Revolution.   The French Revolution in 1789 brought brought full emancipation for French Jews in 1791 . 

This revolution was Rothschild bankers' dream, it established a new constitution and passed laws that forbade the Roman Church from levying tithes (taxes) and also removed its exemption from taxation.

In 1790 Mayer Amschel Rothschild spAke-"Let me issue and control a nation's money and I care not who writes the laws."

Illuminati was a secret sect invented by German Jew Rothschild using a fellow German Jew Joseph Johann Adam Weishaupt to infiltrate Freemasonry, in 1776 .




Below: Daaru piyo, paratha phaado aur CHAAAARGE gadhe ka jaisa !   Aisa nahi hotha hai aaj kal !  Thoda planning aur akkal lagaana padtha hai !



In 1213, King John was excommunicated by the Pope Innocent III, as he refused to accept the pope's appointee Stephen Langton as Archbishop of Canterbury.  

It frightened poor John baby so much that he went on his knees to the Pope and swore loyalty towards him by kissing his hand.    Two months later King John was forced to sign a contract with the Pope known as the  “Treaty of Verona, 1213” .

On 15th May 1213, King John, being a puppet of the Knights Templar, effectively signed away the Kingdom of England and Ireland to Pope Innocent III and the Roman Church, witnessed by the Crown Templars.

As King John said at the time: “I myself bearing witness in the house of the Knights Templars”



Jesus, the twelve disciples, the author of most of the New Testament, and the members of the earliest Christian churches were all Jews .

Jesus' family followed Jewish customs and Jesus frequently quoted the Hebrew Bible.

But when Jesus came to Kodungallur University ( run by King of Calicut )  to study – he left with some astronomy packed in for a new book-which included his birth .  

Jesus was accommodated as the Messiah, a Jewish figure predicted in the Jewish Bible

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/vedic-cosmology-of-india-5000-bc-capt.html

The Koran was also edited at Kodungallur .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html

Despite its Jewish origins, it was not long before Christianity regarded itself as something other than a new Jewish sect. 

The first Christian council, convened by the apostles, concluded that pagan ( Hindu ) converts to Christianity did not have to follow Jewish ritual laws. Initially converts to Christianity were almost exclusively pagans and Christianity moved further away from Judaism. –

History & Stats/ Christianity / Judaism

date founded/  30 AD/  1300 BC

place founded / Palestine/ Palestine by disgraced racist  Kerala Namboodiris 

founders & early leaders/ Jesus, Peter, Paul/  Abraham, Moses

original languages/  Aramaic and Greek/  Hebrew

sacred text / Bible = Old Testament (Jewish Bible) + New Testament/ Tanakh (Jewish Bible)

summaries of doctrine / Apostle's Creed, Nicene Creed/ 13 Articles of Faith

ultimate reality / one God, Jehovah, the God of Abraham / one God, Jehovah, the God of Abraham

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/brahma-and-sarawati-abraham-and-sara.html

nature of God / Trinity - one substance, three persons / unity - one substance, one person

birth of Jesus / bhargen – nay - virgin birth / normal birth

death of Jesus / death by crucifixion / death by crucifixion

resurrection of Jesus / affirmed / denied

second coming of Jesus / affirmed / denied

divine revelation / through Prophets and Jesus (as God Himself), recorded in Bible / through Prophets, recorded in Bible

human nature/  "original sin" inherited from Adam - tendency towards evil / two equal impulses, one good and one bad

MUST DIGRESS FOR A JOKE-

Several centuries ago, the Pope decided that all the Jews had to leave the Vatican. Naturally there was a big uproar from the Jewish community.

So the Pope made a deal. He would have a religious debate with a member of the Jewish community. If the Jew won, the Jews could stay. If the Pope won, the Jews would leave.

The Jews realized that they had no choice. So they picked an elderly aged man named Moishe to represent them. Rabbi Moishe's Latin wasn't very good - in fact, he knew very little --- but he was a man of great faith and well respected in the Jewish community. 

The pope agreed. What could be easier than a silent debate?

The day of the great debate came. Moishe and the Pope sat opposite each other for a full minute before the Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers. Moishe looked back at him and raised one finger. The Pope waved his fingers in a circle around his head. Moishe pointed to the ground where he sat.

The Pope pulled out a wafer and a glass of wine. Moishe pulled out an apple. The Pope stood up and said, "I give up. This man is too good. The Jews can stay."

An hour later, the cardinals were all around the Pope asking him what happened. The Pope said: "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity.   He responded by holding up one finger to remind me that there was still one God common to both our religions.

Then I waved my finger around me to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground and showing that God was also right here with us.

I pulled out the wine and the wafer to show that God absolves us from our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of original sin. He had an answer for everything. What could I do?"

Meanwhile, the Jewish community had crowded around Moishe. "What happened?" they asked.

"Well," said Moishe, "First he said to me that the Jews had three days to get out of here. I told him that not one of us was leaving.

Then he told me that this whole city would be cleared of Jews. I let him know that we were staying right here."

"And then?" asked a woman.

"I don't know," said Moishe. 

"He took out his dang lunch and so I took out mine."

view of the other religion / Judaism is a true religion, but with incomplete revelation./ Christianity is a false interpretation of Judaism.

house of worship / church, chapel, cathedral, basilica, meeting hall/  synagogue, temple, schul

religious leaders/ priest, bishop, archbishop, patriarch, pope, pastor, minister, preacher, deacon/ rabbi, rebbe

sacred rituals/ sacraments / mitzvot (commandments)

major sacred rituals / baptism, communion (Eucharist)/ observing Sabbath, wearing tallit and tefilin, prayer services

head covered during prayer? / generally no / generally yes (especially men)

central religious holy days/ Lent, Holy Week, Easter/ Yom Kippur, Days of Awe, Passover
other holidays / Christmas, saints days / Chanukah, Purim

major symbols / cross, crucifix, dove, anchor, fish, alpha and omega, chi rho, halo/ Star of David, chai, hamsa, tree


CHRISTIAN HOLIDAYS :  --------

All Saints' Day 
.
Ash Wednesday

Assumption Day

Boxing Day

Christmas

Easter

Epiphany

Good Friday

Lent

Mardi Gras

Palm Sunday

Reformation Day

St. Andrew's Day

St. Patrick's Day

Sunday

Thanksgiving

Twelfth Night

Valentine's Day--  Valentine's Day is a celebration of romantic LOBE – nay- love


JUDAISM HOLIDAYS----

Days of Awe 

Hanukkah (the Festival of Lights) 

Passover (Pesach)

Purim

Jewish New Year (Rosh Hashanah)

Shabbat (the Sabbath) 

Festival of Booths (Sukkot) 

15th of Shevat (Tu B'Shevat)

The Day of Atonement (Yom Kippur)


Yeomans will give you bull —that the ghost of Anne Boleyn, beheaded in 1536 for treason against Henry VIII, allegedly haunts the chapel of St Peter ad Vincula, where she is buried, and has been said to walk around the White Tower carrying her head under her arm.

In the tower of London lies the Kohinoor diamond of Lord Krishna. Till 150 years back, all diamonds on this planet came from India.

The Kohinoor diamond ( Syamanthakam )  has a curse .

Some hindu astrologer had told the British royalty about keeping the ancestor spirits of these diamonds happy--to avoid the curse. Since ravens are few in London-- they keep some ravens , whose wings are clipped so that they cannot fly away and escape.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/pitru-paksha-shraadh-pitru-tharpanam.html

ARE HINDUS STUPID OR SUPERSTITIOUS CHOOTS ,  - TO GIVE SO MUCH IMPORTANCE TO A RAVEN CROW ?


Check out the video below - 

I dare any bird 
or animal 
or insect 
or reptile 
or any MOTH EATEN FACED PERCEPTION MOULDERS WHO COME ON PRIME TIME TV- to do this .




After divorcing Catherine, Henry banished her from court, and her rooms were given to Anne. Catherine was formally stripped of her title as queen, becoming instead "princess dowager" as the widow of Arthur. In her place, Anne was crowned queen consort on 1 June 1533

On 8 January 1536 news reached the king and the queen that Catherine of Aragon had died. Henry VIII called for public displays of joy regarding Catherine's death.

The Turkish Ottoman Empire, which included key parts of Saudi Arabia, had lots of crypto-Jews (Jews pretending to be Moslems) The Saudis follow the Wahhabi form of Islam.

The founder of the Saudi Wahhabi sect of Islam, Muhammad ibn Abdul Wahhab, was a crypto-Jew. Muhammad ibn Abdul Wahhab's grandfather, Tjen Sulayman, was actually Tjen Shulman, a member of the Jewish community of Basra, Iraq.

King Abdul Aziz Ibn Saud, the first Saudi monarch, was descended from Mordechai bin Ibrahim bin Moishe, a Jewish merchant from Basra. 

In 1943, the Saudi ambassador to Egypt, Abdullah bin Ibrahim al Muffadal, paid Muhammad al Tamami to forge a family tree showing that the Sauds and Wahhabs were one family that descended directly from the Prophet Mohammed.

At the start of World War I, a Jewish British officer, Captain William Henry Irvine Shakespear, met with Ibn Saud, who was to become the first Saudi monarch. . He was the military adviser to Ibn Saud from 1910 to 1915. . 

Shakespear  became the youngest vice-consul in British India thanks to Rothschild.  . In  1932, the Rothschild  put Ibn Saud into power as King of Saudi Arabia.

Israel had the backing of the Turkish leader Kemal Ataturk, who  a crypto-Jew.

WANNA KNOW HOW JEWS SPLIT ISLAM INTO SHIA AND SUNNI?    

TODAY ZIONIST CREATED , ARMED AND FUNDED  ISIS IS DRIVING A WEDGE
 DRIVING THESE TWO SECTS APART – NEVER TO REJOIN ..

 Abdullah ibn Saba was a "Jewish agent" who infiltrated Islam to destroy it from within--  you can read the notes of  Israel Friedlander.    

Sunnis say that Shias are a sect which was originated by Jew Abdullah Ibn Saba, a during the reign of Uthman Ibn Affan, the third caliph

Shia bitterly cry that such a Jew Abdullah Ibn Saba did NOT exist.  




However all early Sunni and Shia sources are agreed and united that the founder of the Shia sect and its core doctrines is Abdullah bin Saba', the Yemeni Jew

I SUGGEST ALL PAKISTANIS READ THE POST BELOW—IQBAL IS PAKISTANs NO 1 CITIZEN.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/sir-muhammed-iqbal-knighted-for.html

Sufism did not exist prior to Islam.   Read this twice.

There are many Sufis that are not Muslims -- and there are many misinformed Muslims who are reluctant to consider Sufism part of Islam.  

Western writers have influenced such opinions.
  
The difference between Sufis and Islam is sometimes as extreme as the difference between Mormons (Mitt Romney ) and Catholics ( Sonia Gandhi ) , depending on the particular order.

Some Western Sufi orders have even completely divorced themselves from Islam altogether.  This is again western propaganda.

Yet, Sufism is integrated in Islam.

90% of muslims in the world are SUNNI.

The Sunnis believe that Muhammad did not designate a successor.

But the Shiites believe he did: his cousin and son-in-law, Ali.

They also believe that Ali's authority was usurped by the first three caliphs: Abu Bakr and Umar ibn a-Khatab, both fathers-in-law of Muhammad, and Uthman ibn Affan, also a son-in-law.

Unlike Ali, none of the men were blood relatives of Muhammad.
This was a point of contention for Ali's supporters, who believed that the succession should be hereditary and no other way..

After Uthman's assassination in 656, Ali became leader, but discord erupted into civil war.

He fought and defeated opponents, one of whom was Aisha, Muhammad's third wife and Abu Bakr's daughter.

After Ali's assassination in 661, Sunni caliphs regained power for more than 20 years.

Ali's son, Hussein, fought them and was killed by Sunnis at Karbala, in Iraq.   Scholars say that his death, which the Shiites consider martyrdom, helped transform a political movement into a religious one.

Shiites and Sunnis share the Quran but have different collections of the hadith, which are the traditions and deeds of Muhammad.

Shiites believe that the imams are the source for the hadith.  Sunnis believe the hadith come from the Prophet's companions.

Sunnis focus on the teachings and Sunah of the holy Prophet whereas Sufi follows the basic as well as the spiritual practices.

The ambition of a Sufi is to attain spiritual enlightenment through meditation, prayers and by quitting worldly desires.

Sunni believes in the indirect approach to enlighten the soul whereas a Sufi attempts to experience and feel God with the help of the direct approach.

Many Sufi orders encourage honoring Saints and Prophets by visiting them if they are alive or their tombs if they have passed on.

Pilgrims often will go to ask for favors in the form of miracles or prosperity.   In many communities the pilgrims are people from other religions who come to the tombs in hopes of finding favor or receiving miracles.

Initially the term Sufi referred only to those who had achieved God realization, but it has since come to be applied to anyone who follows that particular spiritual path.

The name Sufi comes from “suf,” the Arabic word for wool or “saf,” the Persian word for pure. The dervishes or advanced students of Sufism wore inexpensive wool clothes as part of their life of renunciation.

Islam recognizes Abraham, Moses and Jesus, but they credit Mohammad for reintroducing the true religion without contamination.

Sufis extend this, believing that all prophets and saints of all religions are inspired by the same source and the rejection of any one is a rejection of the essential Truth behind them all - the one God.

That one God is absolute, extending beyond time or space, and all that is within the universe is of God, including good and evil.

If you want the views of Saudi puritan sunni scholars pl see this video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YakXuCAlC0Y

An Iranian or Iraqi , Shia scholar may have a different view.

 A good first encounter with Sufism would be through reading the works of the ancient Sufi poet Rumi.


 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/cracked-heels-and-prayer-marks-capt.html

Let Hindus not celebrate, because Jews splintered Christianity into more than 41000 splinters--  Jews splintered Hinduism into more fragments . 

German Jew Rothschild splintered Hinduism more. 

R created 330 millions gods for us - just to DIVIDE AND RULE.

He isolated our four original Hindus mutts created 4000 years ago by Adi hankaracharya and gave more prominence to dozens of FAKE mutts he created . All this was very lucrative for traitors who sucked up to the white invader. These FAKE mutts served the purpose of injecting POISON into our ancient scriptures. 

They made Shiva/ Vishnu / Brahma have competitions to check out who is more powerful,when the are just cosmic allegories personalized for mythological consumption. They were even screwing each others wives behind each others backs--sometimes in the next incarnation to satisfy , unsatisfied lusts of the current incarnation ..  

Like Sunnis and Shias , the Shaivites and Vaishnavites started hating each other -all the time being wedged apart by the immorla white invader by using their media given to immigrant communities alone--like Jew marwaris, Chitpavan brahmins, Kerala Syrian christians, Parsis etc.

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html

  
R cleanly wedged out Veerashaiva Lingayaths ( Shaivas ) and of burying their dead ( instead of cremating ) they were given political power . Even after Independence check out their political power.  They tried to make the Sikhs cremate the dead too- but Sikhs had more earthy commonsense.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html


R took census and made separate castes out of every occupation- like carpenter , gold smiths, iron smiths etc-- made them marry into their own community , producing weak gene pool and brainless children.

Separate temples were created for Shaivism, Vaishnavism, Shaktism, Smartism.  R created his own fake god temples using his FAKE mutts like Vittala, Vithobha, Panduranga.

He created a whole lot of fake and back dated DASAS   ( bhakti movement ) to regularise the FAKE mistress of Lord Krishna Radha and the FAKE sons of Sita who were born after Lord Rama kicked her out when she was pregnant to the forest.  Every DASA is fake.

R created the fake and back dated Udipi Madhavacharya for hijacking the TRINITY. Madhavacharya created some strange sort of Dvaita Hindusim-- while the actual one is below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

Adi shankaracharya of the Advaita movement 2000 BC was made out to be a very recent entity.

In addition to injecting poison into the Vedas-- R created the Agama to rival Vedas using the Tamilain indentures labourers in the far east   .  

He splintered this into  28 Saiva Agamas, 78 Shakta Agamas and 214 Vaishnava Agamas, and further into their upa-agamas -- the more the merrier -- lengthy , meaningless temple rituals and religious practices .

Tantra , where Shiva gives philosophical discourses to his wife , was made out to be deviant and perverse sex.

R created Arya Samaj, Brahmo samaj and several such branches --all to improve the consition of SAVAGE Hindus who had to be converted from EVIL to good. For every samaj he created a  reformer some of them his Opium drug running agents .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/opium-raja-british-stooge-ram-mohan-roy.html

The BHAKTI movement was basically to DRIVE WEDGES , DIVIDE AND RULE and MAKE THE HINDUS SELF LOATHING .

They cut the strength from under the feet of sanskrit mantras and brahmins who knew sanskrit.

Temple priests were encourages to sing hymns ( not mantras ) in local language --using the FAKE mutts and various sects and samaj.

One samaj will say temples are good but vedas aint no good.
Another samaj will say vedas are all balls and shiva is good.
Another samaj will say that idol worship is no good but vedas are good.
Another will say that vishnu is good but shiva aint no good.
Another will say --that vishnu worshipers who sing vernacular hymns are good and the ones chanting sanskrit mantras aint no good.

Example: what did the renaissance movement , brahmo samaj say?

Brahmo samaj was started at Calcutta on 20 August 1828 by Raja Ram Mohan Roy and Debendranath Tagore

Brahmo Samajists have no faith in any scripture as an authority.-- so screw the vedas and the mutts .
Brahmo Samajists have no faith in Avatars.--so there goes ram and krishna
Brahmo Samajists denounce polytheism and idol-worship.-- so screw them temples
Brahmo Samajists are against caste restrictions-- illiterate shudras can be priests ( almost like nurses can be brain surgeons ).
Brahmo Samajists make faith in the doctrines of Karma and Rebirth optional--concept of karma/ moksha is thrown into the dustbin.
  
R created FAKE puranas.

For example:  Kalika purana was made out to be a manual on how to do HUMAN SACRIFICE , ritual intercourse before the devi idols, use of beef and drugs before a Tantra ritual etc.

Sanatana dharma did NOT have even animal sacrifice, leave alone human sacrifice.

Using this fake purana thousands of self loathing Hindu Indians have been converted to Christianity.

R created the concept of hell-- when we Hindus do NOT have it- the whole idea was to frighten the simple Hindu and make him convert to a compassionate religion like Christianity..

R created hundreds  of Gurus and made a Guru Sampradaya, For example using Chaitnaya Mahaprabhu and Srila Prabhupada he wedged out ISKON ho sings FAKE Radha's  praises .  

After some time the Indian Guru is bumped off by poison and a white man is inserted as the Guru, who does his own thing and creates a new Hinduism meant for decadent whites. ( Maharaj/ Osho types ).

Mind you groups have geographical divides too- like Kashmiri Shaivism.

Then R created Sampradayas / Paramparas   ( tradition ) by Guru Diksha  attunement ).

R put fog all over the Sampradaya system using the wives of gods too.

Example: Vaishnava sampradayas,-- there are hundreds of them --your head will spin .
Srivaishnavism (Sri-Vaishnava Sampradaya)/Srivaishnava/Sri Sampradaya/Iyengar is associated with Lakshmi. The principal acharyas are Ramanujacharya and Vedanta Desikan.
Ramanandi Sampradaya, also known as the Ramayat Sampradaya or the Ramavat Sampradaya adheres to the teachings of Ramananda.
Vishistadvaita includes Udhava Sampradaya to which also the Swaminarayan Sampradaya belongs. They adhere to the teachings of Ramanuja.
Swaminarayan Hinduism or Swaminarayanism, based on the teachings of Swaminarayan.

Gaudiya Vaishnavism with Chaitanya Mahaprabhu(Gaurangacharya).
Krishnaism or Bhagavatism. Rudra Sampradaya. The principal acharya is Vallabhacharya.
Kumara Sampradaya is the tradition associated with Four Kumaras. The principal acharya is Nimbarka, hence Nimbarka Sampradaya.

The poor Hindu was totally confused --with the FAKE Mutts and FAKE acharyas lording it over. They threw in the maharishis too into the kichdi for good measure.

 Vaishnava Sampradaya , sub sect Manavala Mamunigal- Vyasa, Parasara, Bodhayana. Sects for every acharya in lineage -Lord Narayana,  Lakshmi, Vishweksenar, Nammalwar, Nathamuni, Uyyakondar, Manakal Nambi, Alavandar, Periya Nambi, Ramanujacharya , Vedanta Desikan , Vadagalai sampradaya., Thenacharya Sampradaya, Vaikhanasa Sampradaya, Srimanta Sankaradeva sampradata ,Krishna Pranami Sampradaya, BLAH BLAH

Shaivites had the corpse eating Shiva Aghori sect .

Saiva Siddhanta, adheres to the teachings of Tirumular/Sundaranatha (Nandinatha Sampradaya, the monistic school) or of Meykandadeva (Meykandar Sampradaya, the dualistic school).
Adinath Sampradaya or Siddha Siddhanta, adheres to the teachings of Gorakhnath and Matsyendranath.
Shiva Advaita, adheres to the teachings of Nilakantha (Srikantha) and Appayya Dikshitar.
Kashmir Shaivism, adheres to the teachings of Vasugupta and his disciplinic lineage, including Abhinavagupta.
Pashupata Shaivism, adheres to the teachings of Lakulisa .BLAH BLAH

 Devi ( shakti ) had hundreds of sub sects .

Advaita  Smarta communities ( just an example ) :

Saryupareen Brahmins
Kanyakubja Brahmins
Saraswat Brahmins
Utkala Brahmins
Maithili Brahmins
Gauda
Karhade
Deshastha
Konkanastha or Chitpavan
Devrukhe
Goud Saraswat Brahmins (GSB's)
Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmins (Bhanaps)
Rajapur Saraswat Brahminss (Balavalikar)
Havyaka
Iyer
Vaidiki Mulukanadu
Vaidiki Velanadu
Vaidiki Veginadu
Vaidiki Telanganya
Badaganadu
Hoysala Kannada
Kota brahmin
Babboor Kamme
Arvel Niyogi Brahmins
Vaishya Vanis
Goswami
Shrauta "Purva-Mimamsa" (earlier portion of Vedas- Namboodiris )
Suryaism
  

Hundred of sub sects - Ananda Marga, Ayyavazhi, Prarthana Samaj,Ramakrishna Mission,Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana, Swadhyay Parivar, Saibaba Organisation, Brahmoism, Ekasarana Dharma, Kabir panth, Mahima Dharma, Radha Soami, Sadh Vaikhanasas -- the least I say the better.

IT IS COMPULSORY FOR MY READERS TO WATCH ZIONIST JUSTICE- BELOW  .




Dhirendra PandeyMarch 21, 2015 at 5:19 PM
Some foreign funded NGOs along with traitors among us are now spreading propaganda to force India to sign treaty banning land mines. They are questioning the viability of land mines in checking cross border infiltration. India has long borders with hostile nations sharing most of it. In such conditions it will be a grave error if India stops using them. Land mines may not have been 100% potent in stopping mercenaries but they do have a great contribution in defence of borders. Many EU countries have signed the treaty to ban mines because they don't need it; our security needs are different than those of EU nations.
There is also a catch in this. In absence of land mines India will have to buy ultra modern sensors to keep an eye on borders ; thus the western armament czars will get an opportunity to milk us. Sensors may detect small bands of infiltrators but they can't stop large contingents of enemy soldiers even after detection.











Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 6:01 PM
hi dp,

the zionists can kill millions of women / children from the air -- afghanistan / palestine / iraq/ libya

and then back at home they hold TICKER TAPE PARADES to declare to the world - how brave they were --and give themselves medals..

COULD ANYTHING BE MORE DISGRACEFUL THAN CELEBRATING FALSE COURAGE .

most of US deaths were by friendly fire ( stupid US soldiers shooting down their own soldiers )

ALL THESE RETIRED WAR VETERAN SOLDIERS ARE VERY VERY LONELY PEOPLE .

I WILL POST ON LONELINESS - NEXT.

PSYCHOLOGISTS WILL NOT UNDERSTAND THIS "NO 1 DISEASE" IN ZIONIST NATIONS.

IT REQUIRES A CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL TO EXTRACT THE ROTTEN PEARL.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhARosaTfSw

COULD ANYTHING BE MORE PATHETIC ?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmrosP6wGfU

White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater declared that US forces would NOT attack the Iraqi forces in retreat, as they were doing so in compliance with UN resolution 660 of 2nd Aug 1990 .

Saddam Hussain made the mistake of trusting President Bush and AIPAC controlled agency UN , and did NOT take any hostages from Kuwait with him.

When Saddam Hussain's elite troops were withdrawing from Kuwait, with a UN sponsored white flag --they bombed the first and last trucks of the 60 miles long convoy, effectively boxing them into a huge traffic jam , and making them sitting ducks -- and decimated them with Napalm, Phosphorus incendiary bombs, outlawed under 1977 Geneva protocol.

They finished off the job from air and from land. Mechanized artillary units were in ambush overlooking from nearby hills. The whole job was quick and calculated, and apparently cannot be done without direct sanction from President Bush.

A huge percentage of them were half alive, we are talking about several thousands, when waiting bulldozers ( tanks specially fitted with bulldozer blades ) operated by mercenaries shoved them into more than 50 huge ready made large ditches on the road side and covered them with sand.

60 long miles of double line convoy of 2100 trucks laden with soldiers who have wives and children. No clues! Deceit , most foul.

Yes, from the champions of liberty and justice!

One pilot in tears on TV said, it was like shooting fish in a barrel. Later, all those involved in this cowardly operation developed psychological problems.

For 60 miles every vehicle was strafed or bombed, every windshield lay shattered, every tank was burned, every truck was riddled with shell holes.

Soldiers crying out in pain--some running helter-skelter , with own bodies burning.

A MAD KILLING FIELD OF UN-BELIEVABLE DIMENSION.

General Schwarzkopf smugly estimated that 100,000 Iraqi soldiers had been eliminated. The sheer amount of explosive tonnage dropped over Iraq exposes the bull of surgical strikes.

Air Force General McPeak, Air Force commanding general, proudly proclaimed, “Probably the first time in history that a field army has been defeated by air power,”.
Bush would declare later that he is proud of the high ethical integrity of his military, while the entire world was in utter shock and disbelief over the blood-curdling evidence of a huge war crime on Iraqi Highway 80, worse than anything Hitler ever did ( supposed to have done actually- for this is the truth exposing Internet age ).

This is NOT the first time such a BREACH OF TRUST and breach of Geneva convention is happening. It happens every time a joint USA / ISRAEL venture takes place.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html

I WANT EVERY READER OF MINE TO SEE THE VIDEO BELOW- WHAT TYPE OF EVIL PEOPLE WILL DO THIS ?

THE WORLD DOES NOT KNOW - WILL INDIANS EVER DO THIS ?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhmXleZXAr0

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xiasPejyt4

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 

WHAT TYPE OF EVIL PEOPLE ARE THESE WHO MADE BRAVERY OUT OF SHAMELESS AND DISGRACEFUL COWARDICE ?



THE BIGGEST COWARD OF THEM ALL - BELOW.

WHOSE IS THE WAR CRIMINAL? 

SADDAM HUSSAIN OR PATHETIC GENERAL  SCHWARZKOPF -

-who thinks scowling and talking tough to young cadets makes you brave .

Below: Slimy Zionist oil companies in super rich Kuwait, were stealing Iraqi oil by slant drilling and Saddam Hussian caught them- so they declared him EVIL.

 

USA ALLOWED SADDAM HUSSAIN TO INVADE KUWAIT.

 

SADDAM HUSSAIN HAD THE COURAGE TO REJECT THE BLACK HOOD.




WHEN BRICS COMES TO POWER - THIS WILL BE ADDRESSED .

 

Above: General without honour talks to the cadets about HONOUR IN THE SOUL !


BBBRRRRRAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY !

 

Rules of engagement MAHABHARATA WAR 4000 BC

The two supreme commanders met and framed “rules of ethical conduct”, dharmayuddha, for the war. 
The rules included: 
·         Fighting must begin no earlier than sunrise and end exactly at sunset.
·         Multiple warriors may not attack a single warrior.
·         Two warriors may “duel”, or engage in prolonged personal combat, only if they carry the same weapons and they are on the same mount (no mount, a horse, an elephant, or a chariot).
·         No warrior may kill or injure a warrior who has surrendered.
·         One who surrenders , becomes a prisoner of war - subject to the protection of a POW.
·         No warrior may kill or injure an unarmed warrior.
·         No warrior may kill or injure an unconscious warrior.
·         No warrior may kill or injure a person or animal not taking part in the war.
·         No warrior may kill or injure a warrior whose back is turned away.
·         No warrior may attack a woman.
·         No warrior may strike an animal not considered a direct threat.
·         The rules specific to each weapon must be followed. For example, it is prohibited to strike below the waist in mace warfare.
·         Warriors may not engage in any “unfair” warfare.




EVERY STALWARTs CREMATION EVERY NIGHT WAS ATTENDED BY THE ENEMY CAMP –  AND GENUINE TEARS SHED , AND VOWS OF PENANCE DECLARED .



Penance -- WHAAAA?

Read the end of the post below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/mahabharata-and-bhagawat-gita-4000-bc.html

THE BRITISH CALLED UPON INDIAN DIRECTOR SHEKHAR KAPOOR TO REMOVE THE BALLS AND PRICK OF QUEEN ELIZABETH 1 AND ATTACH  A TWAT .




The film shows Elizabeth being courted by suitors, including Henry, Duc d'Anjou (Vincent Cassel), the future King Henry III of France, whom she rejects, and urged by William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley (Richard Attenborough) to marry, which, as he states, would secure her throne. 

Instead, she has a secret affair with her childhood sweetheart, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester (Joseph Fiennes). Elizabeth permanently banishes Dudley from her private presence when she finds out that he is married. Elizabeth feels that such relations could give a man too much power over her. 

Moreover, cutting off her relations with Dudley is part of the process by which she becomes increasingly tough and assertive.

BAAP RE !

Below: Valson Thampu,  John Dayal,  Father Dominic Emmanuel, Father Cedric Prakash , KP Yohannan etc are soooooo innocent -- they see evil only in tolerant Hinduism and spew venom on Hindus on TV  -- 

so Hindus must be converted and saved , right ? 



Crypto Jews Oliver Cromwell who allowed Jews back to England has two Jewish money bag henchmen  Manasseh Ben Israel and Antonio Fernandez Carvajal.



It was to Carvajal that Oliver Cromwell gave the assurance of the right of Jews to remain in England thus becoming the  first endenizened English Jew.

The death warrant for King Charles 1 ( for treason – he had turned Catholic and his wife and two sons were Catholic ) was signed by 59 of the trying court's members, all bribed by Crypto Jew Oliver Cromwell .  

The King was to be tried by 135 judges who would decide if he was guilty or not. All those who abstained were heavily bribed .  Most MPs had been stopped from going into Parliament by a Jew Colonel Pride who was helped by crypto Jew  mercenary  soldiers. Only 68 turned up for the trial. 

Below: Trial of King Charles. 


The hall where the king was tried was packed with mercenary soldiers - to protect the bribed judges and  to make sure that the king did not escape? The public was not allowed into the hall . At the trial, Charle refused the recognise the legality of the BRIBED court. 

He refused to take off his hat when told to do so , as a sign of respect to the judges. 

His date of execution was set for January 30th 1649.   Several men who were asked to execute King Charles 1 refused to do  . Finally a crypto Jew it was made to wear a mask by Oliver Cromwell and , he did the job.  

And lo and behold- England became a Repubic.  

The Jews spread a rumor using a sooth sayer that the blood of Charles can cure evil afflictions . 

Even in death Charles was disgraced.  

People jostled  with rags to soak up the blood – a surge triggered by crypto Jews. 



On the 6th February, 1649, the monarchy was abolished. Parliament stated that "the office of the king in this nation is unnecessary, burdensome and dangerous to the liberty, society and public interest of the people." 

What became known as a Council of State was set-up instead of the monarchy and Oliver Cromwell was its first chairman.

A political crisis that followed the death of Cromwell in 1658 resulted in the restoration of the monarchy, and King Charles ii ( on exile  during the civil war triggered by Jews ) was invited to return to Britain. 

On 29 May 1660, his 30th birthday, he was received in London to public acclaim. After 1660, all legal documents were dated as if he had succeeded his father as king in 1649.

When Charles II returned to become king of England in 1660, those men who had signed his father’s death warrant (and were still alive) were tried as regicides (the murderer of a king) and executed. 

Anyone associated with the execution of Charles was put on trial. The only people to escape were the executioners as no-one knew who they were as they wore masks during the execution.

On 30 January 1661, (the 12th anniversary of the execution of Charles I), Oliver Cromwell's body was exhumed from Westminster Abbey, and was subjected to the ritual of a posthumous execution. 

His disinterred body was hanged in chains at Tyburn, and then thrown into a pit. Cromwell's severed head was displayed on a pole outside Westminster Hall until 1685.

BELOW: HEAD OF CRYPTO JEW OLIVER CROMWELL





Catholic Charles II was poisoned by his crypto Jew doctor.

Protestant King William III was assisted in his ascent to the English throne by Jews brining all and sundry.

POOR JOHN BULL , DOES NOT KNOW HIS OWN HISTORY. 

Jews Caused The English Civil War .  The Jew bribed Parliament and James clashed over  custom duties. This was one source of King James income but bribed Parliament told him that he could not collect it without their permission .  

In 1611, James suspended Parliament and it did not meet for another 10 years.  

In 1621, James re-called Parliament to discuss the future marriage of his son, Charles I, to a Catholic Spanish princess.   

Jews bribed the Parliament – to show outrage.  If such a marriage occurred, would the children from it be brought up as Catholics?

The marriage never took place. 

James died in 1625 and Charles became king .  


Even today , the not so bright John Bull does NOT know that the English Parliament was called in ancient times by the King ( for fighting wars ) only to raise money from super –rich Crypto Jews (and their BENAMI  agents)  who held the land and moolah.

Crypto Jews did endless rabble rousing using their bribed Parliament, conducted FALSE FLAG ATTACKS BLAMING THE KING --  and triggered the English civil war .

ARE WE NOT SEEING THE SAME THING IN INDIA? 

THE LAST RAJYA SBAHA SESSION WAS FULLY WASHED OUT— WITH OUR PRESIDENT WALKING ON HIS LAWNS SINGING ROBINDRO  SHONGEET  AND EATING MISTI DOHI .

No king had ever been executed in England and the execution of Charles 1 was not greeted with joy. 

Yes, exactly the same way Ukraine’s President Victor Yanukovych was deposed  in February 2014 after the Jews arranged FALSE FLAG ATTACKS and maidan protests ,   wherein thousands of Jews and Zionist NGOs bribed citizens took  part in street protests

The NOT SO BRIGHT John Bull never knew of the monkey play of the slimy crypto Jews.

I am sure sure NO John Bull would have even heard of  crypto Jew named Isaac Dorislaus who assisted Oliver Cromwell in cooking up charge of high treason against Charles I.   

This Jew was were buried in Westminster Abbey, a place meant for Kings and heroes-  can you believe this ? Later his remains were exhumed thrown out of Westminister Abbey.

Does John Bull even know the crypto Jews and their stooges in Jew bankster payroll in the house of Lords today ? — or for the matter in the house of commons ?



Oliver Cromwell "Barbadosed" 100,000 of his Catholic foes—he send as many attractive Irish Catholic women slaves as possible for the white Jew plantation owners  to rotate in turn.

In the 1653s, over 86%  of the slaves in Barbados were white—thanks to crypto Jew Oliver Cromwell.

Don’t ever allow the Rothschild monopolized media to tell you that these white catholics went to the New World seeking religious freedom.  The majority of whites were drugged and kidnapped .

Indentured servitude contracts were ALL  forged documents, with FAKE signatures.  

The majority of indentured white girls  were minor children who lacked the mental capacity to enter into a legal contract , leave alone the literacy to understand the difficult verbage printed on the paper by Jew lawyers.




Frances Milton Trollope estimates that more than 200,000 British children were kidnapped and shipped to the Americas or forced into slave  labor.



SLAVE AND OPIUM DRUG MONEY WAS USED BY THE JEWS TO BRIBE AND PROSPER .   THEY HAD ALL IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN THEIR PAY ROLL.  

THEY MAINTAINED PAID MERCENERIES TO AFFECT REGIME CHANGE IS SOME KING OR LEADER CAME IN BETWEEN THE JEWS AND THE MONEY MAKING BUSINESS.

THE JEWS MONOPLISED THE MEDIA AND IT WAS EASY FOR THEM TO DO HEGELIAN DIAELECTIC  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html

THE JEWS COULD MADE SUNRISE OUT OF SUNSET OR BEST OUT OF THE WORST OR RAM OUT OF RAVAN OR CAKE OUT OF SHIT—AND ALL THE WHILE THEY SANG ALL THE WAY TO THEIR OWN BANKS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/modern-abstract-art-and-picasso-capt.html

They could made sh#t wine into the best wine—for they controlled all these peer reviewed magazines, the art critics , the wine tasters etc

. http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/chilean-wine-and-art-of-wine-tasting.html

By monopolizing Hollywood and TV  they made their type of weird looks as the bench mark of being handsome and being beautiful.

They transformed Jewish brains to be the best on the planet—there  was a SLIMY method to all this. This planet’s most brainy man did NOTHING other than plagiarizing. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html

If you object then you become an ANTI-SEMITE and they have a system in place to throw you into jail and make a pauper out of you when you come out of jail.



NOW THEY ARE COLLECTIVELY SHITTING IN THEIR PANTS OR PETTICOATS AS THE CASE MAY BE — BECAUSE BRICS  IS TAKING SHAPE.   

THEY ARE TYRING THEIR BEST TO WEDGE ISRAEL DARLING MODI RULED INDIA, OUT OF BRICS  - BY GIVING MODI FALTHU PRAISE AND PLACING HIM ON CHANNE KA JHAAD   .

THEY HAVE EVEN GOT ALICE IN GUJJULAND MODI TO SING THE PRAISES OF GM FOOD— 

DEKH GM DHAL AND GM KELA , KITHNA CHENGA HAI  – TANDUROOSTI  KELIYE ACHA HAI –  ZARA KHAAKE DEKH -- 



BY NOW NARENDRA MODI SHOULD BE PLANNING 20 YEARS IN ADVANCE TO PUT SYSTEMS IN PLACE FOR INDIA TO BE NO 1 SUPERPOWER OF THIS PLANET--

BUT INSTEAD MODI APPEARS TO BE PLEASING THE ZIONISTS TO WRANGLE A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE FOR HIMSELF  --  BHAAD MEIN JAYE BHARATMATA !

In a 2002 in a R remote controlled BBC poll in Britain, Oliver Cromwell was selected as one of the ten greatest Britons of all time.— and of course Winston Churchill with a R family Jewess mother was THE greatest   ( for carving out the state of Israel..)

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

Jew Luis de Santángel was finance minister to Ferdinand II. It was he  who made the case to Isabella I  in favor of crypto Jew Christopher Columbus' voyage in 1492 searching for India.   

Jew Columbus's Letter on the First Voyage covering the narrative of his voyage was addressed to Jew Luis de Santangel- the great-grandson of the Jew Noah Chinillo

Ferdinand was bribed to proclaim a royal decree that Luis de Santangel and his family, present and future, were to be protected from the inquisition.



Columbus was an evil man.  During the 2nd voyage he took 2 dozen ferocious dogs – their staple diet was fresh human flesh dripping with blood.  Later the dogs became squeamish and would eat only small babies, gnawing their bones with great relish.

Columbus exterminated the South American natives with small pox infused blankets.   



Before 1492, the population on the island of Hispaniola probably numbered above 3 million. Within 20 years of Spanish arrival, it was reduced to only 60,000.  Within 50 years, not a single original native inhabitant could be found.

The initial Arawak population was estimated at 8,000,000.  By 1516 only around 12,000 were still alive. By 1542, less than 200 remained. By 1555, the Arawaks were all gone.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/christopher-columbus-father-of-american.html



William Tyndale had been executed for  daring to print an English Bible . In 1536 he was convicted of heresy and  burnt at the stake. 



Crypto Jew Thomas Cromwell  tried his best to save him. Till today nobody has been able to figure out how Tyndale mastered Hebrew.

Tyndale's translation was the first English Bible to draw directly from Hebrew and Greek texts. It was taken to be a direct challenge to the hegemony of both the Roman Catholic Church and the laws of England to maintain the church's position.



King James Version ( 1611 ) was not the first English translation of the Bible.   The Tyndale Bible was translated in 1526. He does use the word church twice, but only in reference to Hindu ( pagan ) Temples.


The Christians must know that more than 90 per cent of the New Testament  was written by William Tyndale.



We have the ultra rich LDS Church (  Mormons )  splashing money around in India using their NGOs.  

They now have more than 43 churches in India, spread over 15 cities across Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Goa, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Haryana.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/mormons-bankrolled-by-rothschild-capt.html

Mormon church'she Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church)founder and prophet, Joseph Smith, portrayed in church materials as a loyal partner to his loving spouse Emma, took as many as 40 wives, some already married and one only 14 years old.   


Joseph Smith  warned some potential spouses of eternal damnation if they did not consent to be his wife.

 LDS Church president Brigham Young had 55 wives, and 56 children by 16 of those wives. 



He was the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1847 until his death in 1877.



Below: Heavy money sustains pedophilia. 


LDS Church apostle Heber Chase Kimball had 43 wives, and had 65 children by 17 different women.  
He served as one of the original twelve apostles in the early Church of the Latter Day Saints, and as first counselor to Brigham Young in the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1847 until his death in 1868.

Join this church and enjoy sow your wild oats – was the motto.

http://www.stltoday.com/lifestyles/faith-and-values/mormons-free-to-back-gay-marriage-on-social-media-lds/article_e47390d7-297b-5287-b41a-677ca6c2597b.html

Hey, Zionist darling Modi , is this what we want in India ?    US Presidential candidate Mitt Romney, who was defeated by Obama is a Mormon . 



Brigham Young said you are damned if you deny polygamy. ( TO BE A GOD YOU MUST PUT YOUR PRICK IN HAJAAAR  HOLES, RIGHT ?)

"Now if any of you will deny the plurality of wives, and continue to do so, I promise that you will be damned," (Journal of Discourses, vol. 3, p. 266). Also, "The only men who become Gods, even the Sons of God, are those who enter into polygamy," (Journal of Discourses, vol. 11, p. 269).

BRIGHAM YOUNG  ( THE MOSES ) DID NOT LIKE BLACKS AT ALL.   

THEN WHY ARE THE MORMONS IN INDIA ?

GMKAK?  

"Shall I tell you the law of God in regard to the African race? If the white man who belongs to the chosen seed mixes his blood with the seed of Cain, the penalty, under the law of God, is death on the spot. This will always be so." (Journal of Discourses, vol. 10, p. 110).

I am reminded of a joke-

A cute young girl of 6 years age, was quarantined by her parents –who were going to attend a wedding.

She cried—wept and whimpered.

The parents said –NOPE !

Your tongue is too foul—you always give vulgar abuse .

The girl promised –NOT to open her mouth- a vow of silence.

On that condition –she was taken along.

At the wedding if this small girl saw any guest –she would go running – hold  her middle finger out – then she would make a hole with her fore and middle finger and hold it up in the guests face – after that she would make up and down motions with her whole fore arm.

One puzzled guest who knew the girls parents went and told them- to control the girl who was running wild ..

The mother caught her daughter , boxed her ears and asked her—what she is up to.

Holding middle finger up meant—TUM LADKE WAALON KE TARAF SE HAI KYA ? ( pray, are you from the bridegroom's party )

Holding the slit hole with fore/middle finger meant- TUM LADKI WAALON KE TARAF SE HAI KYA ? ( prithee, are you from the bride's party )


Pumping up and down vigorously with her whole forearm meant –  DOONON NAHI HAI TOH — IDHAR GAAND MARNE KO AAYA KYA ? ( oh blimey,  if it aint either , have you come here to bugger us ?) 



R had made many homeless vagabonds into avatars of Indian gods .

I am reminded of a scene when I was just 10 years old. A middle aged stranger came and sat in our family owned paddy field in my fathers village – a beautiful vast green field between the railway track and the sea .

He was found totally naked –with a side of his stomach teeming with maggots.

The whole village collected to see the maggots a sight they had never seen before. When people tried to pour some diluted Dettol , for the first time he made an action saying NO !

Anyway since young women walked past they gave him some rags and a jute cask to sit on.

Next day they found that he had made a langot out of the jute sack and did NOT use anything else.

People started giving him food .  He would ignore the food, but at night he would eat some fruits.
When I heard about this I went to see the guy – 23 kms from my home in Calicut.

People made a tent over his head – and he just sat there .

When my fathers elder brother visited our home, I heard them discussing about this guy. My father said “ If that man dies there , the Hindus will make a god out of him , like Shirdi Sai Baba “.

Anyway, after a couple of years , this mean looked very healthy –and people had indeed started praying to him.  People came from neighbouring villages and cities .  This man would ignore all of them.

One day the word spread like wild fire that he had got up and had worn a shirt, pant and shoes from a brief case—all expensive stuff.

Hundreds  of people gathered.  He said in English and Gujarati- that he is going back to Surat . And he hopped on to a bus-- and that was the last they saw of him. 

Not even a thank you.

People vouched that they prayed to him and their prayers were answered.

When I asked my father about this he said – the Hindu idol is just a point of focus . It need NOT be an idol, it can be a mountain-- it could be a stone .

My father was in RSS before Independence and they would have to attend regular discourses from holy men like Swami Chinmayananda . 

Learning from this , I have cured many sailors at sea- using the sun. I have made people to wish for something when the sun set and a GREEN FLASH showed –and the sailors came to thank me later – claiming that their wished came true.

Such is the power of the human mind .  

Such are the powers of intention.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/green-flash-at-sunset-and-perception.html




 AFTER WADING THROUGH LOT OF STINKING SHIT -  TIME TO REAP THE REWARD.

 "The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass over; thus the wise say the path to Salvation is hard,"-- Katha-Upanishad. 5000 BC

The world largest pilgrimage is Sabarimala in Kerala—NOT Mecca or Kumbh Mela or Tirupati or whatever.

The magic here works on this principle of  PURE AWARENESS.

The magic works in between two flashes of light.

The whole idea is to see the 3 flashes.  

The first flash is a STANDBY .

Between the second and third  flash where millions focus on a single point – the magic happens . 




People who suffer from LONELINESS or VICES or PHOBIAS or NEGATIVITY or FAILING RELATIONSHIPS –lose it. 




Above: The word is SAMSKARA and not SAMSAKRAS -- at least Freeman made an effort .

People are NOT fools to go to the middle of a jungle of foot after 41 days of penance. They have to be barefoot for 41 days ( grounding ), no non-veg, no sex, praying , wearing only black cotton.  You can break any bad habit in 21 days—here you do DOUBLE TIME.

The few seconds of time between the second and third flashes is one of pure awareness, which causes group resonance and quantum entrainment.  Prana is amplified and focused like a laser beam. 

This is quantum physics .  Quantum healing works outside the fabric of space time, and does NOT follow cause/ effect rules.  Quantum Entrainment is a natural process of human consciousness .All you need is pure awareness.  

The brief few seconds between the second and third flashes is one of pure awareness.




“Nothing” doesn’t give answers, it IS the answer.   Deep peace is the side effects of this experience of “no-thing” or “no-thought.”  Millions have opened the third eye for a few seconds .

Sabarimala Makaravilakku is the only experience on this planet which affords you this magic.  The deity is Lord Ayyappa , the 9th avatar of Vishnu ( which was fudged by the immoral white invader to be Buddha ) 

This is not a meditation. This is a shift in perception. It is the realization that you are more than your thoughts.  Something is there beyond your mind.   

Quantum entrainment  is a process that instantly gives the body, mind and spirit deep rest and fast healing.  It works in seconds.  Yes, pure awareness is the deepest rest you can get.

The quantum entrained pilgrim does “nothing,” yet everything gets done for him.

Modern physics is familiar now with principle of resonance and the resonant coupling of harmonic oscillators, which also gives rise to sympathetic vibrations. Entrainment, sympathetic vibration, resonant frequencies, and resonant systems all fall under the rubric of resonance. 

Resonance can be broadly defined as "the impact of one vibration on another”  The amazing aspect of resonance is the process of entrainment-- changing the rate of brain waves, breaths, or heartbeats from one speed to another through exposure to external, periodic rhythms. 

All this was known to our ancient Maharishis who explored consciousness and sympathetic resonance. The neurochemical processes of human consciousness ring with their own distinct wave patterns. . 

When you resonate with something, you are emitting a wave signature which is "in sync" with it. By applying a constant resonant frequency to a standing wave, you can intensify, reinforce, and prolong the standing frequency of that wave. 




By applying these concepts of resonance to waves emitted by the brain, it is possible to induce altered brain states. 

The maharishis practiced harmonic Resonance which involved the entrainment of the brain to resonate with the frequency of any planet in the solar system. They used simple principles of resonance and entrainment to alter their consciousness and others too.  

When two things vibrate at different frequencies, there is a tendency for the vibrations to come together.  Most often, the slower vibration will rise to match the faster frequency.  

In physics, entrainment theory is the process where two vibrating objects, vibrating at different speeds, start to vibrate at the same speed when energy is transferred between the two objects.

Entrainment shows up in chemistry, neurology, biology, medicine, and more.

DNA, molecules, cells, tissue, organs and even the position of bones all respond to the powerful vibration of our intention as expressed through life-force energy.

When we allow pure awareness to suffuse our consciousness, the magic begins. Quantum entrainment effectively heals the body, mind, emotions, and spirit. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and desire. 

World peace cannot be accomplished on the level of governments. World peace comes from individuals who are peaceful. The Sabarimala pilgrims thus contribute to world peace .


IT IS A DANGEROUS FOR THE PLANET, TO CONVERT HINDUS INTO SINGLE BOOK SINGLE MESSIAH RELIGIONS.




Till recently the West scoffed at our Vedic theories of brain waves.  

Not any more!

Pure awareness is a simple experience —just a small gap in your thinking when you are without ego -- a small space of nothing--shuniata.  It is that simple .

Now the whole world knows what is EEG and ECG. Today the intelligent and learned people of the West respect our 7000 year old Vedas and are in awe. These people opt to be cremated the Hindu way, rather than being buried.




I predict in another 20 years all of Christianity will get cremated , rather than buried. The Muslims are plain scared of apostasy punishment to their families  – they wont do it.

 “Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.”- Bhagawad Gita 4000 BC.





EX- CHIEF JUSTICE OF INDIA MARKANDEY  KATJU HAS THREATENDENDEDNEDEND  TO SPAM ANYBODY WHO WRITES A WORD AGAINST HIS "HERO"  MUSTAFA KEMAL ATATURK  .

THIS REMIND ME OF DARA SINGH THREATENING IN CHASTE PUNJAABI , DIRE CONSEQUENCES TO ANYBODY TALKING ABOUT SHABANNNA .

POOR KATJU.

HE IS A FROG IN THE WELL WHEN IT COMES TO TRUE HISTORY.

KATJUs HERO ( TURKEYs NATIONAL HERO TOO ) WAS A JEW WITH GREEN EYES  -

HE WAS NOT A MUSLIM  --  A DIRECT BLOODLINE DESCENDANT OF JEW SABBATI ZEVI.




I HAVE BEEN TO EVERY SINGLE PORT IN TURKEY --  EVERY TOWN SQUARE HAS THIS MANs STATUE.

DURING THE HEIGHT OF THE SPICE TRADE, SOME CRYPTO JEWS WERE MUSLIMS -  TO HAVE EASY CO-ORDINATION WITH THE MUSLIM MIDDLE MEN WITH THE CALICUT KING, WHO OWNED THE SPICES.    

IT WAS ALL ABOUT MAKING HAJAAR MONEY.

THE CALICUT KING USED ARAB MUSLIMS AS MIDDLE MEN—THERE IS NO WAY THEY WILL GIVE THE SPICES TO JEWS .

KATJU MUST PONDER WHY MUSLIM TURKEY WAS SO LIBERAL WHEN IT CAME TO WOMEN WEARING MINI SKIRTS . 

ISTANBUL COULD GIVE AMSTERDAM A RUN FOR THEIR MONEY WHEN IT CAME TO RED LIGHT DISTRICTS--  CATERING MORE TO YOUNG BOYS FOR GAYS.    I HAVE SEEN ALL OF IT . .

Even the Jews hated Donmeh crypto Jews to which sect Mustafa Kemal Ataturk belonged.



The Donmeh sect of Judaism was founded in the 17th century by Rabbi Sabbatai Zevi, a Kabbalist who believed he was the Messiah but was forced to convert to Islam by Sultan Mehmet IV, the Ottoman ruler.

Many of the rabbi’s followers, known as Sabbateans, but also “crypto-Jews,” publicly proclaimed their Islamic faith but secretly practiced their hybrid form of Judaism, which was unrecognized by mainstream Jewish rabbinical authorities.

Because it was against their beliefs to marry outside their sect, the Dönmeh created a rather secretive sub-societal clan.

Let me quote-
QUOTE:  Once a year (during the Doenmes' annual 'Sheep holiday') the candles are put out in the course of a dinner which is attended by orgies and the ceremony of the exchange of wives. ... The rite is practiced on the night of Sabbetai Zevi's traditional birthday. ... It is believed that children born of such unions are regarded as saintly."UNQUOTE  ., ( Israel's second president, Yitzchak Ben-Zvi, in his book on lost Jewish communities, "The Exiled and the Redeemed":)

Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the destroyer of the Ottoman Caliphate and the desecrator of Islam in Turkey.




I HAVE ONCE FLOWN IN A TURKISH AIRLINE PLANE --  MOSTLY WOMEN TOURISTSON TURKISH AIRLINE HAVA YOLLARI.       

SEEING THE DECADENT /PERMISSIVE BEHAVIOR WHILE ON , MID FLIGHT--  THIS PROMPTED ME TO DO SOME RESEARCH.   IT IS NOT EVEN POSSIBLE FOR ME TO MENTION WHAT I SAW.

Like I said before Ottoman rulers were borrowing heavily from Jews --  practice condemned in the Quran itself.

Rothschild bankers took over the Ottoman empire, when the Ottomans were unable to repay their debts.

Rothschild agents approached the last Ottoman ruler Muslim Sultan Abdul Hamid II with the offer to nullify all his his national  debts in exchange for Palestine.
The Sultan told him to fu#k off.

When the sultan Abdul hamid II abdicated he was terribly upset that a Jew agent of Rothschild Emanuel Qrasow entered the " Quarters of the Khilafa".

Salonica (  Thessalonica  ) was the head office of the spice trade Jews . When it fell to Greece they shifted to Istanbul.

It was this core group of Dönmeh, which organized the secret Young Turks, also known as the Committee of Union and Progress, the secularists who deposed Ottoman Sultan Abdulhamid II in the 1908 revolution.

 Abdulhamid II was vilified by the Young Turks as a tyrant, but his only real crime appears to have been to refuse to meet Rothschild agent Jewr Theodore Herzl during a visit to Constantinople in 1901 and reject Zionist and Dönmeh offers of money in return for the Zionists to be granted control of Jerusalem.

here is a comment i made nearly 2 years ago-- i am NOT doing it to finger Katju.

#############################################

mahaishwar

September 28, 2013 at 12:41 AM
Namaste sir,

its an off topic, what made Ottoman empire/ Turkey to come into the picture of world war 1? I believe if it was not happened Israel would have never carved out, where 2 wars was in Europe region and new country carved out in Asia.

Thank you
mahaishwar

ReplyDelete
Replies
##############


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

September 28, 2013 at 1:28 AM
hi m,

The rule of the Ottoman Empire in Palestine began in the early 16th century following their defeat of the Mamluks, lasted until 1922 (the end of World World I) after which Great Britain remote controlled by Rothschild gained control of Palestine.

The Ottoman Empire were able to amass great wealth by controlling the main trade routes and charging for access.

The last two decades of Ottoman rule witnessed the first waves of Jewish immigrants to Israel, emigrating mainly from Russia, all sponsored by Rothschild and the Bolshevik Jews.

In the 1890s, Rothschild purchased 20,000 acres of Syrian land owned by the Ottoman empire, again with Kerala temple gold. Rothschild transferred the deeds to the Jewish National Fund (JNF) in 1957.

Islamic Caliphate came to an end in 1924, with the rise of Kemal Ataturk.

NOT MANY PEOPLE KNOW THAT MUSTAFA KEMAL ATATURK WAS A DONMEH JEW AND A FREEMASON.

Even Jew controlled wikipedia acknowledges under its “list of Freemasons” that Ataturk was a member of the Rissorta Lodge (Number 80) of Salonica.

He was part of the zionist cabal that was working over and through the Young Turk movement, receiving instructions and financing directly from Edmond James de Rothschild, who supported the movement as part of Rothschild’s plan to acquire the land of Palestine.

The Jewish community in alliance with Crypto-Jews controlled by Rothschild became very powerful in last century of Ottoman empire.

In 1896 CE, when Sultan Abdul Hamid refused to meet Theodor Herzl during later’s trip to Constantinople and rejected World Jewish Congress offer to negotiate the sale of Palestine in return for paying-off tens of millions of pounds to resolve Turkey’s debt crisis – they brought down the empire through their Jewish agents, who had infiltrated the Young Turk Movement.

Later, these Jewish agents carried out the Armenian Christian genocide .

Ottoman Empire fought on Germany’s side in W.W.I. Rothschild was responsible for the wording of the Treaty imposed on Germany that ended W.W.I.

The treaty gave the Rothschilds the German owned railway rights in Palestine (which had been part of the Ottoman Empire), thus paving the way for the Rothschilds to have a sure leverage to dictate policy concerning Palestine.

The Rothschilds had made enormous loans to Turkey ( all gold from Kerala temples ) which amounted to more than 110 million pounds.

When the Ottoman Empire collapsed after W.W.I because they were on the losing side, the Rothschilds had a claim on Palestine because of those unpaid Turkish loans.

The British government controlled by Rothschild were given a mandate over Palestine. Jew Winston Churchill whose mother was Rothschild created the steps that led to the creation of Israel. He was supported by Jew FD Roosevelt, Jew Gen Eisenhower and Jew Stalin.

Even today Pakistani Muslims worship a TRAITOR and they call him the No 1 citizen of Pakistan.

TEE HEEEEE !!

Punch into google search-

SIR MUHAMMED IQBAL KNIGHTED FOR SCUTTLING THE KHILAFAT MOVEMENT VADAKAYIL

capt ajit vadakayil
..
################################


Sultan Adulhamid II appears to have sealed his fate with the Dönmeh with this statement to his Ottoman court:  -

“Advise Dr. Herzl not to take any further steps in his project. I cannot give away even a handful of the soil of this land for it is not my own, it belongs to the entire Islamic nation. The Islamic nation fought jihad for the sake of this land and had watered it with their blood. The Jews may keep their money and millions. If the Islamic Khalifate state is one day destroyed then they will be able to take Palestine without a price! But while I am alive, I would rather push a sword into my body than see the land of Palestine cut and given away from the Islamic state.”

After his ouster by Ataturk’s Young Turk Dönmeh in 1908, Abdulhamid II was jailed in the Donmeh citadel of Salonica.  He died in Constantinople in 1918, three years after Jew Ibn Saud agreed to a Jewish homeland in Palestine and one year after Lord Balfour deeded Palestine away to the Zionists in his letter to Baron Rothschild.

Ataturk, who was reportedly himself a Dönmeh, ordered that Turks abandon their own Muslim-Arabic names.    

The name of the first Christian emperor of Rome, Constantine, was erased from the largest Turkish city, Constantinople. The city became Istanbul, after the Ataturk government in 1923 objected to the traditional name.

Ataturk also abolished Turkey’s use of the Arabic script and forced the country to adopt the western alphabet.

 The 1973 book, The Secret Jews, by Rabbi Joachim Prinz, wrote that Mustafa Kemal Ataturk and his finance minister, Djavid Bey, were committed Dönmeh .

Allah, but had their real prophet [Sabbatai Zevi, the Messiah of Smyrna].” In The Forward of January 28, 1994, Hillel Halkin wrote in The New York Sun that Ataturk recited the Jewish Shema Yisrael (“Hear O Israel”), saying that it was “my prayer too.”

The information is recounted from an autobiography by journalist Itamar Ben-Avi, who claims Ataturk, then a young Turkish army captain, revealed he was Jewish in a Jerusalem hotel bar one rainy night during the winter of 1911. In addition, Ataturk attended the Semsi Effendi grade school in Salonica, run by a Dönmeh named Simon Zevi.

It was Ataturk’s and the Young Turks’ support for Zionism, the creation of a Jewish homeland in Palestine, after World War I and during Nazi rule in Europe that endeared Turkey to Israel and vice versa.

Till the abolition of the Caliphate, Mustafa Kemal always posed as a sincere and pious Muslim. Here are some activities conducted by Mustafa Kemal right after he seized power in Turkey:

1. Stating that "We do not receive our laws from the sky" referring to Quran.
2. Changed mosque prayer mats to wooden pews, to obstruct the Muslim style of prayer.
3. Banned the traditional and immensely popular Turkish hat, banned women from wearing the veil.
4. "Philosophic training" for mosque preachers.
5. Wearing of shoes in mosque, as opposed to the tradition of taking off shoes.
6. Attempted installing musical choirs in places of worship.
7. Tried to change the original "Allahu Akbar" (God is great) to "Tanri Uludur!" (Turkish translation) during calls for prayer.
8. Was quoted as saying " Islam, this theology of an immoral Arab (referring to Prophet Mohammed[pbuh]), is a dead thing.
Mustafa Kemal Pasha who made them drop the veil and the fez (TIME, Feb. 15, 1926 et seq.), that beginning with Ramadan they must no longer call their god by his Arabic name, Allah.

Kemal was a heavy drinker of arrack. 

When a venerable member of the Cabinet Sheik-ul-Islam  suggested that it was unseemly for Turkish ladies to dance in public, he threw a Koran at him

Jews control the Turkish army and the finance today.

I HAVE SAILED WITH LOT OF TURKISH JEW SAILORS. 

I KNOW .


WITH THIS I HAVE REVEALED 4.9% OF WHAT I INTEND TO REVEAL   .   

SUCH IS THE WEIGHT OF THIS REVELATION  .

I HAVE PUT ALL ABOVE IN JUSTICE KATJUs BLOGSITE  -- I  AWAIT HIM TO SPAM ME-    ARABIAN PERFUME DAALKE !

HIMMAT HAI TO KARO !

http://justicekatju.blogspot.in/2015/03/let-me-make-some-things-very-clear.html?showComment=1427205030283#c3513166811188117964



GERMAN JEW ROTHSCHILD, THE OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY PLANNED CENTURIES IN ADVANCE TO TAKE OVER INDIA AND ROB INDIA BLIND. 

HE INDEED DID THAT FOR WE WERE REDUCED FROM BEING THE RICHEST COUNTRY ON THE PLANET TO THE POOREST IN 2 CENTURIES OF WHITE INVADER RULE.

FOR THIS HE TOOK A SHIPLOAD OF BENE ISRAEL JEWS FROM KERALA WHERE THEY HAVE BEEN LIVING FOR 2000 YEARS AND DUMPED THEM OFF THE KONKAN COAST .

These Jews waded ashore from the water and claimed that their ships sank.

They merged into the local society by marrying low castes ( the local deshasta Brahmins did NOT give their children ) and started behaving like BRAHMINS and called themselves CHITAPAVAN BRAHMINS.   

Basically crypto Jews.. 

Gandhi was imported from South Africa by such a Chitpavan Jew named Gopal Krishna Gokhale , to recruit Indian soldiers for WW1 - to create the state of Israel.

Imagine the one million strong anglo Indians ( almost all rape products ) calling themselves Brahmins just because they have the white man’s seed .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

Kerala is the land from which all world religions sprouted.

Judaism was created by Namboodiris from Kerala.   No wonder the Talmud has racism inherent in it.  King David’s wife ( and Solomon’s mother ) was from Kerala.   Jesus is from this Jewish bloodline.

David first fell in love with her when she was taking an open bath ( a married woman Bath Sheba ) , as is custom in Kerala.  

Aristotle had written that Jews are from the Land of Kalari.  King Solomon imported sandalwood to make his palace staircase and teak for his ships from Calicut.

In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut for refuge.

In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

 In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.

In 135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut, to avoid extermination.    The Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin—when the Catholic Portuguese destroyed their Synagogue at Kodungallur..

Jesus Christ came to Kerala to study healing, astronomy, and to raise his Kundalini.   He studied at Kodungallur university. He took a wife with him from Kerala known as Mary Magdalene.  

Jesus sent his most intelligent disciple Thomas back to Kerala in 52 AD to set up the second church on the planet at Kodungallur — the cultural centre of the Calicut king.   I am from Calicut. 

Kodungallur also have this planet’s second mosque-where the Koran was edited.. The world’s second synagogue in Kodungallur ( Muziris / Cranganore ) was destroyed by the Portuguese Catholics 400 years ago.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html


When Thomas ( a Jew ) came to Kerala there was NO Christianity.  He was shipwrecked at Socotra island for a while.   When he reached Kerala shore, he was sought out  by an Jew agent playing a Jewish tune on his flute.

Rothschild used the Chitpavan Brahmins to defeat the mighty Mughal empire and then hand over almost the whole of India to British East India Company on a platter. 

Below : The Peshwa kingdom ( with covert funds/ long range guns / spy- tactics- bribe  support from Jew Rothschild ) .  

The richest and most beautiful land of Kerala was NEVER captured by invaders till the French branch of Rothschild gave rockets to Tipu Sultan .  

Nobody in India knew that the French were in cahoots with the British  ( same Rothschild family brothers ) -  but always on the other side, to make a CHOOT out of naive  Indians. 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html




 All this was planned centuries in advance.  

Below: Contrary to popular beleif- Emperor Shivaji had a small kingdowm ( green ) 






Some of these purer Bene Israel Jews were accepted back into Israel after an interview- 30 years ago.
Most of these Chitpavan Jews were agents of the British East India company. 

Rothschild used Chitpavan Brahmins to inject poison into ancient Indian scriptures, to create new Gods ( Vittala/ Vithoba / Panduranga ) , to run the media and movies , to occupy Indian National Congress top posts , to run FALTHU political movements for freedom –words only NO deeds !.   

Even a stalwart ( Chitpavan Brahmin ) like Lok Manya Bal Ganghadara Tilak gave away our Vedas to the white invader – read his book Arctic home for the Vedas, written with compulsory inputs from German Jew Max Muller .

The Chitpavan Jews became PESHWAS, ( side lining Emperor Shahu’s sons )  and caused the disintegration of the MIGHTY Maratha empire. 

On 26th Jan 2015 Republic day, I saw Chitpavan Prakash Javedekar dancing BALLE BALLE when the Peshwa float went past .

A Chitpavan jew Gopalkrishna Gokhale imported Gandhi from South Africa to recruit indian soldiers for both world wars (to create the state of Israel ) and also the be a double agent on the drivers seat of our freedom struggle.

It was under the Chitpavan brahmin Peshwas that the Maratha Empire came to its end through its formal annexation into the British Empire by the British East India Company in 1818-- read this line a hundred times.

Emperor Shahu was arm twisted by Rothschild to appoint Chitpavan Jew-- nay --Brahmin Balaji Vishwanath Bhat as the fifth Peshwa (prime minister), and then, subsequently, made the office of Peshwa hereditary.

During the reign of the successive Peshwas, the Chitpavans Jews –nay-  Brahmins settled in various provinces under the Peshwa rule and spread their tentacles.

Jew Rothschild ensured that Chitpavan Jew - nay- brahmins established themselves firmly in the social hierarchy of the entire Marathi-speaking region.   

The REAL Maratha DESHHASTA brahmins fell from the pecking order to number 2 spot .  Yet these genuine Maratha Brahmins never gave their sins and daughters to Chitpavan brahmins for marriage.

Nobody were man enough to shout out that 2 generations ago there were NO Chitpavan Brahmins around , and who the hell are these fair, grey eyed,  non-veg , SHREWD and EXTREMIST people — who suddenly got to eat all the cake, and wear the sacred thread ..


Rothschild imported Balaji Vishwanth Bhat Peshwa ( below ) from Ratnagari to the Pune-Satara area and Emperor Shahu was arm twisted to.appoint the Peshwa or Chief Minister in 1713.  



By the way Naturam Godse was a Chitpavan Jew.

A Rothschild chosen Chitpavan Jew Narayan Dikshit Patankar was the spiritual guru of poor gullible Emperor Shahu.    Shahu was the the son of the second Emperor Sambhaji, who was killed by the Mughals in 1689.

Until the disintegration of the mighty Maratha Empire, the seat of the Peshwa would be held by the members of Rothschild stooges Balaji Bhat's family -  mere fronts .   Rather the ready made empire was handed over on a platter to German Jew Rothschild.



It was Balaji Bhat's family who imported Chitpavan Jews nay Brahmin immigrants en masse from the Konkan to Pune.

Foul deceit of the highest order , where a white skinned Jew trader called Rothschild called the shots.    
Every single high office was granted to fellow Chitpavan Jews by the Peshwas.   

Land was grabbed and granted FREE to these Chitpavan Jews-- and the best part was that they were exempted from ALL taxes. 


This was a reward for allowing Rothschild to rob the whole area blind, and also for allowing history to be re-written and the ancient Hindu scriptures to be injected with poison.

SO MOST OF THE VEDAS AND UPANISHAD COPIES IN THE BHANDARKAR PUNE INSTITUTE ARE ALL FAKE OR INJECTED WITH POISON.


Even a Rothchild created patriot Lokmanya Bal Gangadhara Tilak was in cahoots with Max Muller , when he wrote ARTIC HOME OF THE VEDAS-- where the blonde blue eyed man wrote our priceless Vedas.

Below: Tilak had steel grey eyes--not black , as shown in his portraits .



Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
May 7, 2013 at 5:57 PM

hi vv,

vedas have circumpolar observations. 

THIS DOES NOT MEAN THAT THE VEDAS WERE WRITTEN IN THE ARCTIC. 

i know about circumpolar behavior -- but i do not belong to greenland , i am from tropical kerala. 

the highest latitude i have been to is murmansk of russia at 70 deg north -- my russian chief officer was from here..

the maharshis were seers who could visualise it from spherical geometry , while i am a trained navigator. that is the only difference. 

this is NOT a big deal as tilak tries to convey in THOUSANDS OF USELESS WORDS.

in a circumpolar area like murmansk of latitude more than 66 deg ( 90 degrees minus latitude of tropic of cancer 23.5 deg ) the sun will always be south at noon time. 

in summer there will be daylight all the while and in winter there will be darkness all the while.

and if the declination of the star ( latitude of star ) is greater than the latitude of the place of observation, the stars with declination greater than the latitude of the place will go round and round without rising and setting.

punch into Google search --

THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL

i have put a picture of the ursa minor constellation containing dhruv or pole star-- along with cassopea's chair constellation.

bal gangadhara tilak has NOT studied navigation and astronomy like a certain master mariner.

let it be!

capt ajit vadakayil
..






All this is part of my second Mate's navigation exam where pass mark is 80%




Richard Maxwell Eaton has written about this foul and immoral rise of desh drohi Chitpavan Brahmins , who were in cahoots with the British East India Company.


The bloodline of Chatrapati Shivaji ended with Emperor Shahu.

Jew Rothschild , the owner of British East India Company, did the impossible—planned several centuries in advance .

He used Marathas to usurp against other Indian kingdoms using the ruling Peshwas ( Chitpavan Jews ) .     Rothschild gave heavy guns and long range rockets to Marathas and they decimated nearby Mughal and Hindu kingdoms .   

With  British help they gnawed into the Mughal Kingdom -- till around 1760, and then handed over their kingdom on a platter to Jew Rothschild by 1818.

It was NOT sheer bravery as Maratha pride would like to believe .   Same way with Tipu Sultan who is credited by people like Salman Khurshid to have invented rockets .

R maneuvered a Chitpavan Jew from Ratnagiri , Balaji Vishwanth Bhat to Emperor Shahu and created a series of FALSE FLAG events where GOOD SOLID ADVISE ( double agent game ) saved Shahu and earned his trust.

Shahu was armtwisted into appointing Balaji Vishwanth Bhat as his Peshwa ( Prime Minister ) .

Till the shocking fall of the MIGHTY MARATA EMPIRE the seat of the Peshwa would be held by the members of Balaji Bhat's family—agents of R.

Can you imagine -- the Peshwas were Chitpavan Jew Prime Ministers to the Maratha Chattrapatis ( Emperors), who began commanding Maratha armies and later just became hereditary rulers of the Maratha empire of central India from 1749 to 1818-when Emperor Shahu had two sons .

By 1818 Rothschild swallowed up the mighty Maratha empire of Emperor Shahu--only due to these desh drohi Chitpavan Jews-- nay-- Brahmins.

During the reign of the successive Peshwas, the Chitpavans Jews --nay _ Brahimns settled in various provinces under the Peshwa rule and spread their tentacles.

Rothschild ensured that Chitpavan Brahmins established themselves firmly in the social hierarchy of the entire Marathi-speaking region.

FOR TWO CENTURIES UNDER JEW ROTHSCHILD ( BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY) SPONSORSHIP CHITPAVAN JEWS TOOK THE CREAM OF SOCIETY POWER .

Emperor Shivaji ( below ) was secretly bumped off by the white invader  .  




Shivaji had severe dysentry . He asked the British for western medicines and they gave him an antidote for anthrax after which he started passing blood in his stools and then became weak and died.

The british put the blame on the Amin of Shival, Mia Rahim . Marathas put the blame on his 2nd wife soyarabhai.   Shivaji died on april 1680 on the eve of Hanuman jayanti at the age of 52.

After Shivaji's death, the widowed 2nd wife Soyarabai manoevered and put her 10 year old son Rajaram rather than Shambaji the eldest son of the first wife Saibai.   However within a few weeks Shambaji who had secret Mughal support snatched the throne .

Shambhaji ( below ) had his stepmother Soyarabai Mohite executed.


Rajaram Bhonsle (1670 – 1700 ) the younger son of chhatrapati Shivaji, half-brother of the second Chhatrapati Sambhaji, and took over the Maratha Empire as its third chhatrapati after his brother Shambaji’s death at the hands of the Mughal emperor, Aurangzeb in 1689.

Rajaram was poisoned by the British using a Chitpavan Jew doctor , in 1700 at Sinhagad near Pune . Thereafter the Maratha empire suffered a power vacuum until the release of his nephew, Shahu in 1707.

Emperor Shahu's two legitimate sons were disinherited --causing him to go into depression and become a hermit in the forest.


THE ORDINARY MARATHA DOES NOT KNOW ALL THIS.

All they know is what the Chitpavan Jew traitors wrote as FAKE history. Only Chitpavan Jews were allowed to write contemporary history and own media.

By the time of Shahu's death in 1749, the Bhat Peshwas were the effective rulers of the Maratha empire and on Rothschild orders moved their administrative capital from Satara to the new city of Pune.

The last Peshwa, Baji Rao II, was defeated ( on paper only ) by the British East India Company in the Third Anglo-Maratha War in 1818.

The Peshwa's territory in central Maharashtra was annexed to the British East India Company's Bombay province, and he was handsomely pensioned off, by the white invader , with GREAT RESPECT .

Nobody smelt a rat.

This is why main stream media and historians must be desh bhakts .

Baji Rao II (1775 – 28 Jan. 1851), also Rao Pundit Pundham, was Peshwa of the Maratha Empire, and governed from 1796 to 1818.

His reign was marked by confrontations ON PAPER ONLY with the British.   Baji Rao was the son of Peshwa Raghunathrao and Anandibai.      Raghunathrao defected to the English and caused the First Anglo Maratha war that the English ALLOWED THEMSELVES TO LOSE.

Shinde, Holkar, Bhosale etc kissed the hand of Rothschild , to save their own skins.

The Wellesley brothers made an ass of small time small time chutku leaders who did NOT know if they were coming or going -- like Bajirao II, Daulatrao Scindia and Yeshwantrao Holkar.

The death of Tipu Sultan in 1799 and of Nana Phadnis in 1800 cleared the path for Rothschild sovereignty in India.

Rothschild grabbed Tipu Sultan’s gold ( Kerala temple gold ) and EVEN TODAY RULES THIS PLANET.     

The way Israel darling and APCO branded Modi is going , history will repeat itself.    

Modi wished langot yaar BAAAA 2 ( Benjamin Netanyahu ) even before langot yaar BAAAAA no 1 ( Barack Obama ) could wish him ,  for his election victory  .



Opium traders Rothschild took over India vide The Battle of Plassey in 1757 -- it was a BIG LIE.

First of all the trigger of the Black hole of Calcutta was COOKED UP .    It was tom tommed by East India Company that Nawab Siraj Ud Daula locked up 146 Britishers in a small dark ill ventilated room, out of which 123 died.  The truth is only 58 people were in the room , out of which 19 died..

Adam Smith used this PEARL HARBOUR or LOUSITANIA type cause to start the Battle of Plassey in 1757, for East India Company to take over India.

The battle itself is a white lie.

The battle never took place. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive.    

Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in secrecy.    Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap.

ROBERT CLIVE WAS A THIEF.

Robert Clive returned to Britain in 1767, he purchased a HUGE and expensive estate dubbed "Claremont."     Immediately critics who knew what transpired at Plassey pounced on him and asked how he got so much of personal wealth.

This man used his Rothschild connections to quash the proceedings and the British Parliament let it go.    

Lord FUCKLAND Robert Clive defended his thief's honour by stating "I stand astonished at my own moderation" given opportunities for greater gain.

THIS IS LIKE A RAPIST SAYING--I COULD HAVE RAPED ALL THE 20 FEMALES-- BUT I AM ASTONISHED AT MY OWN INTEGRITY, THAT I STOPPED AFTER RAPING 19 FEMALES -- DID I NOT SPARE THE HONOUR OF ONE WOMAN ?.

Major-General Robert Clive, 1st Baron and LORD FUCKLAND Clive, KB MP FRS killed himself , cutting his own throat , with a penknife on November 22, 1774 at the age of 49--having sired 9 children .    

Robert Clive established the first BEEF slaughterhouse of India in Calcutta in 1760.  These are the white invaders who say that Lord Shiva ate BEEF.

That is a bull story -- the truth his he was a right hander and cut not have cut his own throat that way. His blood showed an overdose of Opium.

Rothschild had wrangled for a illiterate non-graduate Robert Clive received an honorary degree as DCL from Oxford University in 1760.   In 1764 he was named a Knight of the Bath.   Later in 1768, Rpbert Clive was made a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS).   Only R could wrangle all this .


MARATHAS DEVELOPED WIND IN THEIR HEADS , SEEING THE LARGE EMPIRE OF ROTHSCHILD SUPPORTED PESHWAS --  AND CRIED –

WE ARE SO BRAVE.

WE EVEN SCREWED THE BRAVE SIKHS -  SO WE ARE THE BRAVEST !

This is the reason why Shiv Sena and MNS have their aggressive attitude from—and beat up the UP and Bihari bhaiyyas . .


Same way the Sikhs developed wind in their heads —

They cried —WE ARE SO BRAVE .

EVEN THE WHITE INVADER COULD NOT CONQUER US !

This is the reason why all these ultra brave Khalistani ideas came in their heads .

ROTHSCHILD ALLOWED THE SIKH EMPIRE TO FLOURISH—  AS THEY WERE BUSY CONQUERING INDIA USING THEIR STOOGE CHITPAVAN JEWS .

THE WANTED SIKH EMPIRE AS A BUFFER FROM FURTHER ISLAMIC INVASION FROM AFGHANISTAN SIDE.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/maharaja-ranjit-singh-rise-and-fall-of.html

I TELL YOU— NOBODY CAN SAY THAT THE MARATHAS AND SIKHS ARE BRAVER THAN THE REST OF INDIA

KHALISTANIS WANTED GUJARAT IN THEIR EMPIRE , WITH SEA PORTS IN GULF OF KUTCH AND WESTERN ARABIAN SEA —

YOU THINK GUJARATIS ARE TATTU BUGGERS  –  COWARDS ?

After Tipu’s death in 1799, the Rothschild made sure the entire gold was shipped off to their underground vaults in their own ships.

Freemason Lord Dalhousie ( Illuminati – or Rothschild man ) was made governor general in 1848.   

The Doctrine of Lapse was an annexation policy purportedly devised by Lord Dalhousie where  any princely state  under the direct influence of the British East India Company would automatically be annexed if the ruler was either "manifestly incompetent or died without a direct heir” .   

Poison by Jew doctors helped .

The Barrackpore soldiers revolt took place in 1824.

It was a BIG LIE that the Indian Sepoy in Meerut killed British women and children. Rather many soldiers had later testified that Indians escorted them to safety, and then they went back to join the mutiny. No Indian Christian converts were massacred as per British propaganda.

After the 1757 revolt Rothschild used their stooges Edmund Burke and Adam Smith to argue their case that the Crown should take over the affairs of India.    Meanwhile the heads of Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar’s 3 sons  were presented to him on a platter by William Hodson at Khooni Dawwaza.   The Emperor was imprisoned in Burma in a very tiny prison.

 The Rothschild agents threw a great and extravagant ball at the Red Fort. They then supervised the vandalism of the Taj Mahal.    The solid gold coated spires  were prised out and replaced with brass imitations, and shipped off to the Rothschild underground gold vaults, in which they had been boiling gold in furnaces for centuries... They also prised out all the diamonds , saphire, rubies and emeralds and replaced them with coloured quartz.

The 1857 revolt was the excuse to annex the whole of India, with NO more pretense of princely states, as per Adam Smith's original blue print.. The British crown merged the East Indian company soldiers of Madras, Bombay and Bengal presidencies.  

Soon India was flooded with the Crowns soldiers.   Well paid German Hessian mercenaries just stated pouring in by troop ships.

It was Rothschilds who ensured that the so called 1857 Sepoy’s revolt caused by animal lard,  was given enough time to spread slowly all over India , before it was suppressed.  They used communications to great effect to allow the slow spread of fire from the hot seat of Meerut.  

Rothschild made sure money power on select leaders , kept the brave Sikhs and Gurkha regiments on their side .    Sikhs , the dalit Mahars ( BR Ambedkar’s grandfather  ) of Maharashtra and Scindias fought against the rest of India, in this First war of Independence in 1857.
  
2038 white soldiers 12 field guns and armed to the teeth, could NOT contain the 2357 unarmed Sepoys of Meerut!!
  
The Mangal Pande incident at the 34th native infantry Meerut is a true event. Pandey did attack his superior British officer.  But due to grave provocation.  Pandey was moving his lips, while reciting a Mantra silently, which was taken a display of contempt by his British officer. (In court , chanting the Mantra was described and recorded as babbling in religious fervour ) . He insulted him , struck and treated him like a mongrel dog.

 Only one Muslim sepoy, Sheikh Pultoo who supported the British version in court, was promoted and retained in another regiment. But even Pultoo did NOT agree to the British charge that Mangal Pandey was drugged with Bhang.  Rest all who witnessed this incident , were sacked, imprisoned for 10 years , and 5th company 34th regiment disbanded. This was the trigger! 

Mangal Pande was from Ghazipur, where the East India Company had their largest Opium Plant in 1820.    His family was displaced by Lord Cornwallis ( Rothschild agent ) the Governor General of British India, who died in Ghazipur, of Opium overdose. 
  
This thief's memorial still overlooks the Ganges river.  He was hated by the Americans who fought against him in their war of Independence.    

From 1838, the British had been arm twisting Indian Indentured labour ( slavery , coupled with freedom for sex with pretty Indian women in far flung plantations ) and horror stories had been tricking back to India. All were witness to large scale looting of India's wealth .

India was the richest country in the world, in the 17th century, and Jew Rothschild stole everything and carted it away to England.
  
It requires a real moron to believe that a full regiment rose in revolt, because of lard grease , and NOT due to overbearing and highhanded behavior of immature British officers, who acted God.  Mangal Pandey was hanged 10 days earlier than the date set for his execution in secret.   

Not many people know that Rothschild inducted Bene Israel Jews as army officers and more than  55% of the British Indian army officers were Jews . We do NOT talk about the Chitpavan ( Brahmin) Jews here.

The likes of Lt Gen JFR Jacob , Vice Admiral BA Samson , Lt Gen RM Jacob  and Maj Gen JR Samson are well known.  All of them were sponsored by Rothschild and blood relative Sasoon the opium traders. 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/why-india-lost-sino-indian-war-of-1962.html

IT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA FOR ALL ARMED FORCES CHIEFS TO VOLUNTARILY SUBJECT THEMSELVES TO AN IN-CAMERA NARCO TEST WITHIN A WEEK OF RETIREMENT  - WHICH SHOULD FETCH THEM A BONUS AND ALSO A " DESH BHAKT " MEDAL..   IF THEY HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE, WHAT IS THE PROBLEM  .

These Bene Israel Jews witnessed the decline and the collapse of the Peshwa regime, the surrender of Gwalior, Indore and Baroda (presently Vadodara), the subjugation of Gujarat, Kathiawar and Sind.     
During the 1857 Indian war of Independence these Jews were 100% on the side of Rothschild , the owner of British East India company...







Žydrūnas Savickas is the oldest guy, yet he wins .  You need interlocked six packs.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/perfect-six-pack-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html










EVIL GAME OF ZIONIST JEWS !
******************************************************************************
LONELINESS ,THE GREATEST SCOURGE ON EARTH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
FEELING ALONE ,   BEING ALONE ,  MISERABLE LONELINESS,   HAPPY CREATIVE SOLITUDE , CRUSHING UNLOVED ISOLATION,  SOCIAL REJECTION ,  UNREQUITED LOVE ,  UNEMPLOYED AND FEELING WORTHLESS,    LONELINESS IN BEING ROOTLESS,   CANCER AND LONELINESS  , LONELINESS  FROM UGLINESS AND MORBID OBESITY ,   FACEBOOK VS FLESH N BLOOD HUMAN CONNECTION ,  LACK OF REM SLEEP AND LONELINESS  ,  ACTUAL VS PERCEIVED REJECTION ,  EMOTIONAL THIRST QUENCHING,  FEELING  PASSIVE AND TRAPPED IN LONELINESS , ADMITTING LONELINESS IN A DIARY , BRAIN IN SELF PRESERVATION STATE ,  LONELINESS AND THE IMMUNE SYSTEM ,  LONELINESS AS A NO 1 PUBLIC HEALTH CONCERN  FOR SENIOR CITIZENS, LONELINESS OF FEELING LIKE A LOSER , CURING LONELINESS FROM OUTSIDE COMFORT ZONE ,  PSYCHOLOGICAL DISORDER DEPRESSION,  LONELINESS AND PREMATURE AGEING ,  LONELINESS TRIGGERED BY INGRATITUDE BOTH WAYS,   UNWILLING SOLITUDE 





Loneliness is a feeling of emptiness or hollowness inside you ( and feeling sad about it ) - despite all your fame, fortune and facebook popularity. 

We can be in a crowd of people ( all well wishers ) and yet feel lonely.   Loneliness cannot be cured by the presence of people. 

Loneliness is UNWILLING solitude .  

Below:  A month after the release of the song , it topped the UK Singles Chart.   Elvis Presley's version was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1961,  and in 1992 it was upgraded to double Platinum. 

Yes, it twanged the strings of the lonely western heart .





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/heart-of-stone-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


When you create a cartoon strip about LONELINESS you grab almost the entire adult west by the balls and short curlies .

Why ?

Because almost all are an expert on this subject , where they must go for a LOVE MARRIAGE . 

They have felt it,  they know- they can connect.

Want proof ?

A cartoon ran in the white man’s newspapers – and it was the most popular one by miles.   


An Indian from a happy family , who had no HOLE IN HIS SOUL-  fails to connect.  

Even as an adult I use to wonder what the fu#k  this PEANUTS  comic strip is all about.

A poem on UNREQUITED LOVE  connects when a person knows what a heartbreak is.  



Men suffer the most.   

I have seen some of my foreign ship’s officers suffer.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/pain-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

But men do NOT admit it.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/portraits-in-sky-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Most women are so fickle that they pass on .  They find another man -- any straw   ( ask Vivek Oberoi ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/heart-shaped-pendant-capt-ajit.html

Some women can be diabolical when it comes to making her ex-flame hurt real bad.

They revel in it .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/cruel-master-on-my-dreams-capt-ajit.html


The owner of the PEANUTS comic strip ( someone like our cartoonist RK Lakshman ) Charles Schultz was a very lonely man .    He never sought  cure for it , because he was minting money from his own suffering.



Schulz portrayed his own childhood.

He was a small, bespectacled kid, shy around girls and sensitive to slights, real and imagined.



His parents, a German immigrant barber and a Norwegian-American farm girl, kept their feelings to themselves. 

Being a sailor , I know in the west they do NOT open up-like Indians.

For a Indian who goes on a holiday abroad, the second question to a stranger would be “ How many children do you have” .

While in the west two buddies may be drinking in the same pub for years , they would NOT even know the marital status of the other guy – leave alone the number of his children.

I once has to warn a middle aged Tamilain Iyer tourist woman in silk saree in Holland , who was trying to strike up a conversation with a black Dutch guy begging on the street with a sign  I HAVE AIDS- I NEED MONEY.    

She was trying to find out his marital status BLAH BLAH  . 

I literally screamed at her in Malayalam infused Tamil   “ He wants money — not your FALTHU Indian sympathy  “ If you can give him money do so — other wise FUCK OFF ! .   He may attack you any moment !!"





Below:  I asked my elder son to play this tune on piano -- he says NOPE --it will pain !  ( AR Rehman has such a rich voice !!) 




My job at sea as a ship captain was a LONELY job .  




Real friendships could never be made on board for all knew that the captain holds the sword--

- ready to cut and bleed team members who let down the team - as part of his job , of being in command -  


It is NOT the Captain’s authority alone which makes him a lonely man. He is expected to behave in a responsible manner , come hell, come high water.   



It is NO longer a truth finding exercise -  he has to deliver, every time  .  I have been through this for 30 long years   .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/captain-sleeps-tonight-capt-ajit.html



Getting back-

Charles Shultz missed his mother .   As a young boy, the day after he reported to boot camp at Fort Snelling in 1943, his mother died from cervical cancer.    

He never got over the crushing loss.   

He wrote  "Security is hearing your mother in the kitchen when you come home from school."  Could anybody have described it better ?



The day my wife’s mother died, my father-in-law fell sick.    He never recovered though he lived or a few years more.    He was terribly lonely – mostly in a time warp.   

He would go to the kitchen and cry out his wife’s name as usual  “ MAITREEEEE , COULD YOU-“ 

Then sudden  realization would hit him hard, and he would limp away from the kitchen with a sad face.



When the comic strip PEANUTS ended its amazing run, with the death of Charles Schultz  in 2000 AD, – it was 50 years old and appeared every single week in 2,500 newspapers.   

With Charlie Brown, it was about loneliness and isolation. Half the strip was about who wasn't there. The parents of the small boy , were never in the picture.

Charles M. Schulz, has said of the character that “  Charlie brown of Peanuts was the caricature of the quintessential  lonely person, suffering in silence  , who on  on some days, was s reluctant to go out because his day might just be spoiled  -  ”.



Below : Charles Schultz did covert advertisements too - nobody ever knew !!




Loneliness and rootlessness are just symptoms of an insecurity that assails the west when they hit the  midlife moment. To them , the cruel world appears intent on blanking them out.




A decade ago I met one of my class mates .  

He invited me to a drink and I went to his house.  His house was big and apparently he was doing well ( business )  , considering at school he was at the bottom of the cerebral barrel.

When his wife was serving tea, I joked “ Any time you want me to expose his greatest secret , ask me – and this has nothing to do with girls”

My friends face became red for he knew that in many exams I could see him copying out of  a guide which he carried in his underwear.

Then he suddenly told me “ I hated my school school life . I never wanted to go to school . And in the final exams I got low grades “

On the drive back home my wife asked me if I enjoyed school.

I said “ Of course—but he had a particular trauma inflicted on his at school, due to the stupid Principal ”

This was the way it transpired- -

In the 7th standard , the Principal – one Gupta from UP ( Kendriya Vidyalaya ) , wanted to form the house system— Gandhi, Tagore, Shastri and Nehru.

He personally selected 4 leaders of each house- senior students who were supposed to be THE cat’s whiskers .

Then he told these 4 student leaders to call out named from the students ( 6th to 11th ) assembled on the maidan ,class wise .

The students who could contribute most to the POINT SYSTEM for the BEST HOUSE ROLLING TROPHY were of course the most valuable. 

If you got first prize in painting, you secured 5 points for your house—the student who came second would get 3 and the third prize holder , would get 1 point .

The students who were good in athletics, games like soccer, debates, quiz, art, singing, dancing , general proficiency etc got picked up early. 

I remember I got picked up early as I was first in class, and got prizes in painting, clay modeling , extempore speeches, quiz , athletics, recitation  etc.   

Digression-
In fact when I got married I showed these certificates to mE wife to show  that her husband is NOT a TATTU--  TEE HEEE  !  
And when I went for my interview for my training ship at Mumbai , they were impressed with the wide array of my certificates.  They kept making fun of my suit which I stitched “for the occasion” from Calicut— taunting me “ Are there no good tailors in Calicut ?”  
To which I replied smiling in a cocky manner  “ Of course, my azure blue suit is a LIVING example of how good Calicut tailors are !  In my opinion my suit is very good, and THE latest fashion your opinion may be otherwise- because you are NOT upto the latest fashion  ”
PSSST- after 20 years , I checked out my old photo where I wore this suit and came to the conclusion that it was indeed a poor tailoring job –when compared to the Italian and French suits in my wardrobe.
Nine boys were there from Kerala for orals at Mumbai Jahaj Bhavan  - only two were selected ( Ashok Mulloth was the other guy- he was our band master being schooled in Lovedale Ooty )..
More than 2000 boys appeared for the entrance exams from two centres in Kerala - one in Cochin and the other from Trivandrum. I had to go all the way to Cochin for the written test and all the way to Mumbai for my orals.

Getting back-
As the students were picked up, they had to move to the chosen group leaders , thus making 4 groups –instead of the original large assembly group.  This meant that the assembly group was getting smalled with every name call.  

Some idiots were even hiding behind others – just to show that they want to be in some particular house of their choice – 

--    and that is why THEY , THE SALT - NAY-  THE VERITABLE BOUNTY OF THE SCHOOL was still present in the diminishing CONDEMN PARTY GROUP — 

--  it was pathetic.

As the group got smaller, you should have seen the despair on the faces of these rejects.

Finally there was one lone 13 YEAR OLD boy — and this was the chap I had my beer with.  

HE LOOKED TOTALLY TRAUMATISED – AND SCARRED FOR LIFE.

I never forgot this incident—and I swore , I would never ever let this happen in my watch.

So on a ship ( huge OBO ) after discharging grain, we had a very long ocean sea passage . So I would arrange sports and games .

For cricket, the Chief officer and the Chief Engineer made  themselves leaders and were loudly picking up players , the way it was done in my school.    They did NOT even know the cricketing skills of the sailors— and so it was by using their whims and personal connects .

I immediately ordered--    

STOP THIS LOUD SELECTION—  YOU SHALL DO IT IN PRIVATE , WHERE NOBODY KNOWS IF HE WAS SELECTED FIRST OR LAST.    
I AM ARRANGING THIS GAME SO THAT WE ALL CAN BOND AND BE HAPPY.    NOT TO MAKE SOME FEEL MORE IMPORTANT AND SOME WORTHLESS , EVEN BEFORE THE GAME HAS BEGUN.
THE RESULTS WILL BEAR OUT WHO IS GOOD AND WHO IS BAD..

Everybody clapped.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2012/06/equator-crossing-ceremony-at-sea-capt.html



People who have come to the top by deceit face low self esteem propelled loneliness — Example?  - a top actress who clawed her way to the top by the casting couch route.

If you have bitten the hand that fed you, your subconscious will take its toll in spoiling your REM sleep.   Poor REM sleep propels you to loneliness .

You can control everything by wealth and power ( like R ) – but you cannot control the quality of your REM sleep.   

Older adults spend progressively less time in REM sleep and hence are more prone to loneliness.



Concealing a kindness received is ingratitude.  Conveniently forgetting it is even a greater sin.   Gratitude has a unique relationship with your mental and physical health.  Grateful people are happier, less stressed and happier with social relationships. 

Every Sanskrit mantra is infused and surcharged with gratitude .

Genetic determinism is a flawed theory.  Factors like gratitude  ( positive quantum nutrient) or anxiety , jealousy etc ( negative QN )  influence a person’s DNA blueprint program.  

When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body.   

We can counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states of care, gratitude , appreciation and love. 

That is why on your next birthday onwards make it a point to feed the poor disabled /  orphan children ( with good food ).  This is better than throwing a party .

I will get into more detail later.



The first time the word LONELY was used in the English language was in William Shakespeare's tragedy play Coriolanus written in 1607.   The play was about the great  Roman general Gaius Marcius Coriolanus.

But William Shakespeare  was a mere writer.    He did NOT understand the inner workings of LONELINESS.     

Neither did any of the western psychological greats till today. 

This blog post will lay LONELINESS threadbare - it will be a pretty long post  ..



On my ship I held regular parties to evaporate loneliness - and my crew were ever grateful.

Watch me singing KOI HUM DUM ( one of the greatest "loneliness" songs of Kishore Kumar )  –  this was part of my job of being in command .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/meditation-via-back-door-capt-ajit.html

“ in this dusk of loneliness, how will I find my destination
the only  star that lit the path to my destination is no more
cruel world please don't laugh at me,  as I walk away”




6000 years ago, just before the Mahabharata war , Lord Krishna found Arjuna to be suffering from extreme pangs of loneliness.    

Arjuna was a world  HERO , loved by all including 99% of the enemy camp, yet he was lonely and depressed.   

Noticing this Lord Krishna instructed him that he must do Suryanamaskar every day before he sets out for battle.    

All used to wait for Arjuna to complete his Suryanamaskar before they blew their war conches-though technically the war rules mentioned that battle starts exactly at sunrise and finishes for the day exactly at sunset.

People who do Suryanamaskar daily do NOT get lonely or depressed.  This is a 11000 year old Vedic yoga.   

You connect with the biggest force in your life—the rising sun.   




Modern doctors are NOT smart enough to understand all this.  It is a series of asanas with a separate Sanskrit mantra ( of gratitude ) done in single flow . 

See the video below.



Doing Suryanamaskar –just to mention a few relevant to this post helps you to
-Develop inner peace
-Rekindle your drooping spirit
-Detoxify the mind
-Balance mind, body and spirit.
-Dives mental clarity
-Stokes your inner flame
-Fills you with a sense of gratitude to destress.
-Gives good REM  sleep at night.
-Drives away phobias.

SURYA NAMASKAR is not a physical exercise.   It is a complete Sadhana, inclusive of Yogasana ( exercise ) , Mantra ( sound longitudinal waves ) , Pranayama ( breathing )  and Chakra meditation ( scalar energy vortex transceiver ) .

Chakras are focal points where psychic forces and bodily functions interact with each other. They are transceivers of SCALAR energy  .  Scalar waves operate in a non-linear time dimension which is hyperspace, at any speed from zero to infinity, as they are not limited to the speed of light.  

When you develop cosmic consciousness, the chakras vortex will extend further from your body-such people experience the richness of solitude NOT the extreme suffering of loneliness.  

When my wife did her grandmasters exam in reiki she used a quartz dousing pendulum and checked the solar plexus chakra of her guru and declared that it is weak,  which implies that he suffered from loneliness.

These chakras cannot be seen by the sight sense of the common man.  Each of these 7 chakras are associated with a specific colour, organ, gland, mantra and frequency.  Chakras can send out information carrying soliton waves, which do not attenuate.   



The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous. Cosmic consciousness is an intellectual enlightenment or illumination, an indescribable state of moral and intellectual elevation, a feeling of amazing bliss.

Gazing at the sun or stars is an enlightening practice that fills up the soul. The real nervous system operates by means of synaptic messages. The virtual one operates by means of the quantum effect of tunneling (particles passing through an energy barrier that classically they should not be able to climb). 

The real one is driven by classical laws, the virtual one by quantum laws. Consciousness is therefore driven by quantum laws.  Remember, chakras dictate all physical, mental, emotional and spiritual processes that take place in your body.  Every chakra is a transmitter cum receiver antenna.

As per Vedanta we are essentially holographic energy beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos Pineal gland is literally the third eye.  The great Himalayan masters did Surya yog by gazing at the rising sun with a silver coin placed in between the eyebrows on the forehead .  

The solar wind at dawn, charging the earth’s magnetic field, stimulates the pineal gland.  This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze.  At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head".  

Pranayama floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. The reddish grey pineal gland is located in the geometric center of the brain.  The nerves that serve the pineal gland don't originate in the brain but in the sympathetic nervous system.  This gland can be activated by activated by sunlight, and also by sound resonance.

It controls the various biorhythms of the body. It can discern negative energies, based on perception of vibrating energies around you. When the pineal gland does not receive sunlight, it secretes Melatonin, which induces sleep, increases blood sugar, craze for food, leading to obesity, fears and anxiety.  

The pineal gland is a photosensitive organ and thus an important timekeeper for the human body. The pineal gland produces PINOLINE, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . 



Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith.   Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain . DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold.

Pineal activation awakens normally latent neural pathways. Nerve fibers leave the pineal and make synaptic connections with other brain sites through traditional nerve-to-nerve connections, not just through endocrine secretions.

EASTERN VEDIC RISHIS MYSTICS HAD THE ABILITY TO GO ON EITHER SIDE OF THE NARROW BAND OF 5 HUMAN SENSES, WITH A KING SIZED RESONATING PINEAL GLAND. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

There is a lot we knew 10000 years ago , but has been lost to this this 21st century-- right?

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.  While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible. There is no room for consciousness or morphogenetic fields in the dictionary of idiot Darwin.

A mantra is a word or a series of words , which produce longitudinal Scalar waves by resonating your Pineal gland and your DNA—in a divine language. A divine language like Sanskrit came out from a 12 strand DNA – the most complicated supercomputer on this planet. 

The king Mantra OM or AUM is 11000 years old—and was told by the sages that it was the original sound when the Cosmos was created.  OM opens up quantum tunneling for the wormholes to happen , where the speed of light is NOT the limiting factor. 

DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow cylinders. Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace.

-Mantras resonate your pineal gland and reprogramme your DNA.  The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves.    Mantras vibrations on DNA , chakras and pineal gland purifies and raises human consciousness.    Mantras centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing.    

Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography— due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.  Lonely people have weak auras with dark holes in them ---Mantra chanting must be done with intent, to make it more powerful. This is about consciousness again.



Pranayama— where you exhale twice as long as inhale— IS MORE ABOUT DUMPING OLD EXPERIENCES, RATHER THAN MERE OXYGENATION OF BLOOD.  Breathe in the new , breathe out the old. 

Pranayama—inhale and exhale with awareness— long exhales with the sound of mmmm.  Humming boosts level of NITRIC OXIDE —this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret .   Ordinary breath is a mere 4%. 

70% of toxins in your body are released by exhalation— rest by sweat, defecation and urine— surprised?  The main purpose of respiration is to provide oxygen to the cells at a rate adequate to satisfy their metabolic needs.  This involves transport of oxygen from the lung to the tissues by means of the circulation of blood.  The power of breathing lies in its relationship with your energy source.

The mind is intimately connected to your breathing .  Deep diaphragmatic breathing triggers the lymph, your body’s sewage system which will give your cells more efficiency. It keeps the blood fully oxygenated.  The physical aspect of lack of oxygen in the body is not as important as the mental and spiritual aspect.
  
Lack of oxygen always slows your reaction time. The more oxygen our brains receive the better they function.  Stress, fear and anxiety causes muscles to contract and blood vessels to constrict. When blood cannot be transported freely through the body to provide oxygen, and antibodies and to carry away and dispose toxic wastes, illness sets in. 

Mind is non material , but it works in partnership with communicator molecules. With every thought mind moves atoms of hydrogen, carbon , oxygen and other particles in the brain .

Knowing the connection between breath and consciousness, the ancient yogis devised PRANAYAMA to stabilise energy and consciousness.   Anxiety vanishes entirely when you are one with the rest of the universe. When your mind is disturbed the fundamental energy Prana leaks . Pranayama just reverses the process.  

People who do Pranayama regularly have quieter nerves , less lethargy , better sleep and lower BP.  It prevents accumulation of Uric acid which gives joint pains.   Fluctuations of mind are controlled and hence Pranayama prepares you for meditation.

Rahul Gandhi has been walking on LONELY STREET ,  ploughing a LONELY FURROW for too long.    He needed a sabbatical in the lap of nature - and I guess this is what he is doing right now.   

I would advise him to do SURYANAMAKAR .  Once he is healed he must come back and kick out the ENTIRE old coterie and sycophants .

The impact of loneliness on human mental health has huge cost implications.  

85 LAKH DONATION PARTY PSYCHIATRISTS ( WHO CANNOT THINK CLEARLY ), ARE SINGING ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK.

It is a national shame that India’s  richest man , a Gujarati Jain, Dilip Shanghvi is a PHARMA owner.

Rothschild sponsored this community before Independence – like the Parsis, the Chitpavan Jews and the Kerala Syrian Jews .


https://dineshvora.wordpress.com/2012/08/15/baniya-the-billionaire-and-gujarati-the-great-dinesh-vora/

A lot of people are put in the LONELINESS and DEPRESSION bracket by wrong diagnosis.

They actually suffer from a perceived condition known as BDD . This BDD group commit more suicides that the LONELY group or DEPRESSED group.

People with BDD suffer from obsessions about their PHYSICAL  appearance. 

The 85 lakh donation party psychiatrists are all blissfully unaware.   Once you start taking their mind drugs , you are HOOKED—like how the cancer doctor puts hooks on you.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/body-dysmorphic-disorder-bdd-increasing.html


There is another mental disease called OBSESSIVE COMPULSIVE DISORDER.   It is possible that even YOU are victim to this.    Hoarders experience intense anxiety when they even think of discarding what most others view as totally useless objects.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/are-you-mentally-sick-capt-ajit.html

EVIL PHARMA has been conspiring to use Indians as GUINEA PIGS for brain drugs.   They have top people who govern India in their payroll ,  and this includes the BENAMI media.

According to data from the World Health Organisation (WHO), India is the most depressed country in the world.  

They declared that more than 36% of the Indian population suffers  from the mental illness.  R controlled WHO declares that Indians have the highest suicide rate on this planet – that our suicide rate, particularly in the age group 15-29 years of age is the highest in the world, with 1 lakh people killing themselves every year. 

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL SAYS –    

FUCK OFF YOU LYING CUNTS!

INDIA HAS LEAST DEPRESSED PEOPLE ON THIS PLANET BY PERCENTAGE —SO STOP USING THE AXIS BANK CELEBRITY FACE TO DISCREDIT INDIA- IT WONT WORK !


http://www.huffingtonpost.in/2015/03/22/deepika-padukone-depression_n_6917910.html?utm_source=TOInewHP_TILwidget&utm_medium=ABtest&utm_campaign=TOInewHP


The Zionists are exhorting the world to use Facebook as a cure for loneliness .   What do they know about the inner workings of the human mind ?

Why do you think Capt Ajit Vadakayil is not on facebook and twitter ? Why do you think I started this blog ?

Yesterday I was watching our Arnab Goswami and his bunch of chelas talking to the Twitter boss on Timesnow TV.     I have never heard such a DUMB conversation in my life— mind you these hyped up but pea brained people are supposed to be the bounty of the world media.    

There was even a fat guy ( ALL INDIA BACKCHOD MAN ) who even managed to put our DEMENTED ORAGUNATAN on the back foot .

Facebook is a forum where you give others the power to make you feel miserable. 

  
Facebook causes intense feelings of jealousy.  A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy at all- but he can fall prey to loneliness.

People go on Facebook and feel miserable.  For all and sundry are waxing lyrical of ZE good life on Facebook .   

Nobody complains on Facebook  that she has PMS migraine or that he bled a glass of blood from his piles or their child came last in class , of a family member is a perverted  homosexual preying in school buses ,  or takes hallucinatory drugs .   

They have put in rosy pictures of their fancy holidays , with internet borrowed pictures with photoshop , how great a party they held with hundreds of cheering well wisher friends  with a celebrity thrown in for good measure -  

--how their child came first in some bullshit event , the expensive diamond ring presented by the husband ( it would be a fake actually ) ,  how loving and smart their pet dog is , their new SUV ( actually a jalopy second hand ) , their dream promotion at the work place-  the drinks are on me -- BLAH BLAH.   

Facebook participants  get depressed , and short changed at being forced by destiny to take in the short end of the stick,  not knowing that everything on Facebook is HEAVILY sugar coated.  When you are constantly comparing yourself to the Joneses ( including LIKES ) , you’ll suffer unintended consequences.

Unless you are ze guy who holds 3 aces all the while.   



Almost all the people whom you see on page 3 party place are miserable and lonely . Some Western middle aged fat ugly women share on Face Book how many times they made love the previous night, after she put her man on fire with her sexy bikini .  

Whether you will fall victim to this bull , and get mired in self pity,  it is up to you ?

So Face Book is for shared laughter?

Oh fu#kin' yeah?

Worrying about how you don’t measure up , and how your earning spouse is a loser, robs you of your present happiness.  It leaves you unable to think about how you really want your own life to look.
Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion.    

When you are jealous you count the other fellow's blessings instead of your own, and lose your peace of mind—rather burn up inside..

 It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.   The sure mark of one born with noble qualities, is being born without envy. 

Of the seven deadly sins, only envy aint no fun at all.

When negative politics are used by team members or negative energies are channelised for selfish needs, the resulting conflict can corrode the core of the team.  At the work place productivity soars when everyone is working as one team instead of pointing fingers and trying to outdo each other.  

There must be an atmosphere of “we’re all in this together.”—which is never there.  Have you seen the INFOSYS attrition rate ?

At the work place may people were unhappy, because their bosses misrepresented they authority. 
People who know Capt Ajit Vadakayil will tell you that the captain dragged all such con artists by their nostrils to China town.   

It was a matter of his perception.  At sea so many of my bosses have been sacked by the TOP GUN –just for giving Capt Ajit Vadakayil a bad service ( confidential  ) report – including very poor for professional competence TEE HEEEEE ! – even I feel like laughing.

I have changed so many shipping companies just to check out this strange pattern—again and again MAJJA AATHA HAI ! ( this is was different  from HUM BHI FRENCH , TUM BHI FRENCH RINCHET -- MAJJA HAI !)

THE TOP GUNs HAND WAS ALWAYS ON MY HEAD – IN BLESSING .  FOR THIS MAN MY SHIT DID NOT SMELL.    HE KNEW CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WAS WORTH MORE THAN HIS ENTIRE SHORE TEAM PUT TOGETHER .

THE TOP/ MIDDLE  MANAGEMENT HATED ME LIKE THE PLAGUE – FOR I REVELLED IN TELLING THEM TO FU#K OFF , AND DARED THEM TO DO THEIR WORST –  AND I PUT THE SWORD OF DAMOCLES OVER MY HEAD,  MYSELF .  WHEN I JOINED ANOTHER COMPANY THEY ALL CELEBRATED AND GOT DRUNK.

THE BOTTOM MANAGEMENT WERE MY FANS  – AND THEY FLOWED THE GRAPEVINE TO MY SHIPs CABIN .    THERE WERE NO SECRETS IN THE SHORE OFFICE WHEN IT CAME TO CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Feeling of loneliness drives many people to Facebook .  My wife is on Facebook but she checks once in three weeks .  She is busy cooking and spending quality time with her husband and younger son. She is on SKYPE with my elder son every day  .  

Lonely people spend more time on Facebook.

The use of Facebook accounts for 62 percent of users' time online in the United States.

As feelings of loneliness increases, the time spent on Facebook increases. Facebook can cause envy and trigger feelings of deep misery and loneliness.

Statistics in the west say that half the people felt worse after visiting the site and more dissatisfied with their lives, while people who browsed without contributing were affected the most.

A negative experience from Facebook left them feeling lonely and frustrated .

Holiday photos were the biggest cause of resentment with more than half of envy incidents triggered by such joyful snaps on Facebook.

There are even some who falls head long into the dark pit of loneliness from such innocuous things like the number of birthday greetings they received to those of their Facebook friends and how many "likes" or comments were made on photos and postings.

These feelings of envy were found to prompt some users to boast more about their achievements on the site run by Facebook Inc. to portray themselves in a better light.



Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection.  But there is a difference between a f acebook hug and a real FLESH AND BLOOD HUG.

Rather than enhance well-being,  Facebook use predicts the opposite result – it undermines it. 



It takes a real CHOOT  to spend so much of their time on these bullsh#t sites, constantly sharing posts, updating their statuses, and commenting.    These are the CHOOTS who are most likely to be lonely and possibly depressed.

In real life this is tatamount to peeping into others houses with a telescope. Before facebook era lot of people did this. 



I had a Anglo Indian Second Mate from Kochi, who bought such a long range telescope with stand .  
When I asked him if he peeps into other people houses from his high rise flat, he said his mother like to do it.   

Then I told him “ Make sure she is NOT caught—in Kochi the people will NOT take such peeping Toms nay- Marys , kindly – your mother will be ostracized “

The time that people spend on with their virtual social partners displaces the time they spend with their real ones in FTF (face to face) interaction.

Below: M80 Moosa TV serial -- an illiterate fisherman with his facebook mad vernacular wife . 



Dear husband , my latest cookery recipe is a super hit on Facebook. Do you have any idea how many LIKES I got for my recipe.

I do NOT know how many likes you got-  stop gloating - but make sure you enter the kitchen 
tomorrow morning  lest you get something else from me instead of LIKE.

You are a jealous man, just because I am new generation.

If you beat me, I will put it on face book.

I am fed up of you- why don’t you keep quiet and go to sleep ?  You and  you bullshit Facebook –balls!
Moosa my husband, tomorrow I will put a photo in Facebook—not of yours –because I will not get a single LIKE with your photo..

I don’t earn my money  by getting LIKE from society , I live by working hard.  Pray- what the hell is this stupid LIKE ?

It means – LOVE.   I got 146 likes so far.

Who are these 146 people ?

Coyly -- there are lot of men too.

Does that mean these men LOVE you ?

tongue in cheek-- YESSSS !

OH MY GOD !!!

scoffing -- You are an old generation man .  You do NOT know  what this new generation is.  Now do not go around and tell people that we do NOT have Facebook . It will bring us shame.

I do NOT have Facebook—but I have another book – full of DEBT entries. I now want to sleep—so that I can work and reduce some of my debts in the grocery store. Allow me to sleep.

Oh my god—please help so that I get 250 likes for the picture I put in Facebook tomorrow.

Just go to sleep you she buffalo!.


Oh CRY CRY —what type of husband I have—who has never got a single COMMENT or LIKE !!.



MOST WESTERN TOURISTS  COME TO INDIA TO CURE THEIR CRUSHING LONELINESS.    INDIA IS THE LAST POCKET OF SPIRITUALITY ON THIS PLANET  .  REST OF THE PLANET HAS  SINGLE BOOK , SINGLE MESSIAH RELIGIONS  . .  



LONELY PEOPLE HAVE  THIN AURAS WITH DARK HOLES IN THEM.    THESE TOURISTS  CAN TAKE A KIRLIAN CAMERA PICTURE ON ARRIVAL INDIA AND DEPARTURE INDIA-   AND CHECK FOR THEMSELVES. 

These emotionally disregulated people  suffer from a strange loss of security in their material world. The roots of their loneliness lies in lack of love in their childhood.   They are assailed with thoughts and feelings of inadequacy, imperfection and shame.  

While smiling and having fun in their “parties” they danced and pretended to be upbeat, while feeling worthless inside.  They hid their core feelings of loneliness.  With a belief of potential rejection/ abandonment, their  loneliness fed on itself. 

A lot of them are homosexuals whose feelings are based on lust and NOT love. Most of the spectators whom you see in soccer games , rock concerts and beaches of the west , are very lonely people.  Lot of the old western tourists are emotionally vulnerable after the loss of friends and family, reduced mobility or limited income.

The lonely people suffered in silence for long , wasting hard earned money on modern doctors and their destructive drugs .   

And then some well wisher whispered in their ear--  " Go to India -- stop this downward spiral-- the very energy inherent in the soil of the ancient holy land fills up the empty void and cures ".

Below : A lot of foreigners who do NOT have the money/ time to come on a holiday to India, just celebrate our RIP ROARING Hindu festivals -- to get rid of loneliness  .




Modern MRI, CAT  have shown that the brains of people experiencing depression show marked variations in the absorption of serotonin and norepinephrine.   

When mixed correctly, dopamine, serotonin and norepinephrine  work like a happiness cocktail.  These monoamine neurotransmitters are naturally produced in the human body . Correct mixing can be assisted by very low dose medical marijuana.  

Dopamine releases feel good  endorphins.  A protein rich diet boosts dopamine and norepinephrine levels.  Carbohydrates activate the release of serotonin- this is why rice eaters hate chappatis..it is NOT gluten alone.

Below: Depression is a disease of loneliness




Our Indian food laden with amazing spices helped to provide our body with nutrients to enhance dopamine, serotonin and norepinephrine.  The Chutney Marys, Pickle Johns and wannabe Gora gaands switched over to western food— a major diet based reason why their marriages fail.  

You will NOT get such critical information from main stream medical books.



Getting back to FACEBOOK AND LONELINESS

I had a friend who boasted about his 1000+ Facebook friends –and how many LIKES he gets every day.  

I asked , how many of these people would  take you along with them on a picnic?   He says “All of them”



Then I gave him a scenario. 

He had hundreds of Facebook friends in Mumbai.   He was from a small UP town.  He should declare on Facebook that he would be coming to Mumbai to consult a doctor about some imaginary stomach  problem.  

He must declare that he need a home place to stay FREE as hotels would be expensive . He must declare that he plans to stay in one of his dear Mumbai  Facebook friends house . After  that watch the deadly silence of his Mumbai Facebook friends. 



Loneliness brings its users to Facebook, rather than because Facebook makes people lonely. 

When people communicate online they can reflect and think longer before saying something. Such measured and pre-meditated responses are NOT genuine.

Lonely individuals who are shy or have low social support may turn to Facebook to compensate for their lack of social skills . Increased online contacts may replace real-life communication. But despite so many ‘connected’ people, the social network is full of lonely hearts.



A friendship requested ignored can cause a spiral of downward sadness . The lonelier someone is, the longer they spend on Facebook.  Facebook does not reduce people’s sense of isolation at all.



Facebook was meant to include only your real friends, the ones you feel comfortable sharing private and intimate details with.  Human specific friendship is missing on Facebook-you play to the gallery. 

Sincere human emotions are missing.  Facebook is a killing field of fake emotions—nothing is genuine.



Facebook users have higher levels of total narcissism, exhibitionism, than Facebook nonusers  It's all too easy to become addicted to the instant spark of gratification we get when someone likes our Facebook update, retweets our brilliance, or reposts a pic from Instagram. 



Social networks appeal to your vanity and play to your vulnerability. They seduce you with the feeling , that if you get enough friends or followers or likes, we will feel truly significant ( like LORD FU#KLAND ) in the world. 

Facebook could even cause problems in relationships, by increasing feelings of jealousy—you know some of them are plainly bullsh#tting ..

As feelings of loneliness increases, the time spent on Facebook increases.  Facebook can cause envy and trigger feelings of misery and loneliness. 


Most people felt worse after visiting the site and more dissatisfied with their lives, while people who browsed without contributing were affected the most.   



Happy holiday photos in exotic lands, and showcasing achievements like running 10 km in 30 min ( BULL ) cause resentment and jealousy.

Users are affected by  how many birthday greetings they received to those of their Facebook friends and how many "likes" or even comments were made on photos and postings.

Rather than enhance well-being,  Facebook use  undermines it.


Having HAJAAAAR friends on Facebook might make you feel that you have lots of friends, but you have no face-to-face flesh and blood contact.

In some ways it is good for ex-classmate buddies to get back in touch after they have come back home from abroad or a far away job station—to pick up the threads- pick up right where they left off

Facebook is all about self-presenting.  Users present themselves as happy and  winners, regardless of the facts.    All want to be envied and popular, so they show a side of themselves which is FAKE.

Below: yeh JUGAAD nahi chalta hai !



REAL communication is about telling your well wishers and intimate friends about how you REALLY feel.   Loneliness is all but guaranteed if we present a false picture of ourselves.  This affects your REM sleep.

Facebook is a recipe for self-centeredness, not self-actualization.

You get so dang busy with trying to present a happy face to the world that you lose any reason for it to actually be a happy face.     When a true friend visits you, over a beer you share your deepest deepest feelings, thoughts, and experiences – this is instant catharsis.



Most Facebook users simply consumed a lot of content passively.. Facebook has the opposite effect, lowering feelings of connection and increasing the sense of loneliness.  

Some rich and beautiful people seem to get all the likes.  

OK- I AM SWITCHING MY TV CHANNEL FROM NEWS TO CRICKET –  AND IMMEDIATELY SHE GETS 30 LIKES.  

Facebook isn’t the problem.

It’s the fu#kin’ symptom

Below:  Here is a BIRTHDAY CARD for some Facebook friend who you know is plainly bull shitting --about what a great WINNER he is .



I had experienced loneliness once.   We were in NIPM Chennai for a 7 week period of various professional courses.   We all had a ball .  

This place was bang on the beach and during the tsunami the swimming pool was filled with salt water and muck.

We had a grand booze party in between the course with most  bringing their wives in for a day and inviting all the shore marine big wigs—ignoring the snooty diktats of the IAS director of the institution—( IAS govt folks understanding sailors ? TEE HEEE )  .  Mind you we could have been jailed .   

I remember there were 77 ship Captains .  

At the end of the course all who had already packed their bags , ran like Cinderellas ,got  into 3 buses and went away to the railways stations and airports by 3 PM .   

My train from Chennai to Calicut was the next day morning.  

But the crushing feeling on loneliness in the empty college hostel was too much. One of my ex- shipmates from UP who had settled down in Chennai  ( we  were happy cadets together on the same ship ) hung around in his car with his wife.   

Seeing my state he hijacked me to his home with baggage.  I slept in his posh home that night. His wife's father ran a huge business and stayed in the same home .   

Only at that time I understood the crushing loneliness of the young school boy in Raj Kapoor’s movie MERA NAAM JOKER -   when all school students went away from a boarding school for vacation leaving behind the young character played by Rishi Kapoor all alone .  

I guess my UP friend remembered how I rescued him from loneliness on the cadet ship.  

We were having a soccer , match in Odessa ( Ukraine of USSR ) .  He did NOT get a slot in the playing eleven and was hanging around on the bench as an extra.  I had just scored the equalizer  just before half time and I heard this guy clapping and shouting from the bench.  

During the break seeing his lonely face , I gave him my playing dress – this meant that I had to strip to my undies and wear his corny bell bottom pants, big collared shirt , and extra-high heeled shoes . 

He used to scratch his balls those days excessively , and I was sort of feeling like UGHHH  !  ( believe me a BIG sacrifice ) 

He was overjoyed –  as he never expected this kind gesture .. though the entire team objected . ( he could NOT play soccer for nuts PSSSTTTT – we used to call him GOAT ) .  We won the game by a goal , or I would have faced flak .

Seeing his cute small son scratching his balls ( for no reason ) the same way -- his attractive wife interjected - BAAP BETA HAS THE SAME HABIT , THEY DO IT THE SAME WAY !




In the West more than 30% of the people feel lonely due to lack of family values and unhappiness in the home, this makes it the biggest disease.   Modernization must be blames for all this. 

When you send your old parents to an old age home, it makes them lonely for sure .  More than that it affects your subconscious  as an UNGRATEFUL child.   It affects your REM sleep .  

Ingratitude takes a very heavy toll, this is something the west is unaware of.  In adults, loneliness is a major precipitant of depression and alcoholism.

When you have  poor sleep quality, you have diminished restorative processes.

LONELINESS IS A HUMAN CONDITION , NOT A DISEASE  – THIS IS WHAT THE MODERN DOCTORS DO NOT KNOW. 



REM sleep is dream sleep -at about 70 to 90 minutes into your sleep cycle, you enter REM sleep. You usually have three to five REM episodes per night. 

Your eyes jerk rapidly in various directions under your eyelids, thus the name Rapid Eye Movement (REM) Sleep, where most muscles are paralyzed with occasional twitches.  This level is also referred to as paradoxical sleep because the sleeper, although exhibiting Beta EEG waves similar to a waking state, is harder to arouse than at any other sleep stage. 



Vital signs indicate arousal and oxygen consumption by the brain is higher than when the sleeper is awake.  There is shallow rapid breathing.  REM stage has increased heart rate, raised blood pressure, erection in males, and the body does not regulate its temperature.  Most of the vivid dreams occur during REM sleep, once awaken at this stage a person can remember the dreams.

The function of REM sleep is still NOT yet determined by modern science, though written in our Vedas 7000 years ago. 

All scientists know is that a lack of it will impair the ability to learn complex tasks.  One approach to understanding the role of sleep is to study the deprivation of it.  During this period, the EEG pattern returns to high frequency waves which look similar to the waves produced while the person is awake.

Adults spend  20% of their sleep in REM..  



As you can see a major part of your life on earth is spent in REM sleep.  God has made it so for a reason.  

You cannot kick small babies in the head and then say  – “I am R nobody can do anything to me” !    

God will punish you severely with MENTAL LEPROSY ..   

You cannot consume alcohol or take tranquiliser drugs to go into REM sleep.



  
Sleep is necessary for our nervous systems to work properly If sleep deprivation continues, hallucinations and mood swings may develop.  Males have an erection and females have enlarged clitoris during REM sleep.  However this is NOT because of thoughts of sex, sorry.  

No matter what a dream is about, REM sleep will cause an erection in a man ( who is not impotent ).   Even newborn boys have a boner during REM sleep!   The reason why men sometimes wake up with a hop is simply because they were having a dream ( not a sex dream ) when they woke up.

In females, nocturnal clitoral tumescence or NCT is accompanied by vaginal blood flow and transudation ( lubrication ).   During a normal night of sleep the penis and clitoris may be erect for a total time of from one hour to as long as three and a half hours during REM.



DIGRESSION:

Hey, I can give you readers mindless TITS AND TWATS --  the above "HARD ON " picture does NOT belong to the perversion category you get hour after hour in TOILET PAPER OF INDIA  .

divas keep it short
bold acts in bollywood
celebs posing nude
kalki lesbian scene uncut ( hum bhi french, majja hai !)
alia bhatts hot kisses
sunny leone's XXX secrets revealed
no A listeners for sunny leone 
kalki koechin wants to act in adult comedy ( tum bhi french rinchet?--majja hai !)
CBFC approves kalki's lesbian scene ( hum dhannya ho gaya ! ) 
sunny leone HOT photos
things that happen to women during sex
is BHARGEENITY--nay-- virginity still a big deal ?
9 things you must never do while having sex
how sex can help you live longer

Below: For my foreign readers- Kalki Koechlin is a French woman who gets sponsored on Indian TV and cinema  --  whose upper lips are larger than her lower lips.  Indian women never put plastic in lips as they are blessed with naturally full lips. 

BOLO  TOH --




Below: Sunny Leone is a XXX porn actress imported from Canada- she has never allowed sheer numbers , intimidate her .




getting back-

The fact that a penis becomes erect and a clitoris becomes engorged, regardless of whether the dreams in progress have any erotic content or not is used to determine whether a man’s impotence is of physiological or psychological origin.

APPIDIYAA ?


APPIDITHAAN !


Twice the amount of blood flows to your brain during REM than when you are conscious.  REM sleep restores us mentally.  REM has an UNLEARNING and  memory-consolidating function .  Some of these clutter memories taken in by our senses may be rejected by the mind as useless, while others may be seen as valuable and retained.  


REM sleep provides endogenous stimulation to prevent the brain from being shut down too long.  REM sleep also acts as an escape valve for letting off the “psychic steam” that accumulates from emotional stresses during the day.  People become anxious, irritable, and sometimes borderline psychotic, when they have been experimentally deprived of REM.   

Lonely people have poor REM sleep.

Astronauts take a Schumann field generator with them to produce 7.83 Hertz ( which is also the frequency of the earth and Hindu king mantra OM ) , to get proper REM sleep.   

This Schumann generator can generate full strength Schumann resonance which is in harmony with the 7 chakras of the human body.   

Without this resonance, the top 3 chakras in your body are rendered ineffective why insomnia might lead to depression: it is unpleasant, the subject lies awake at night and can ruminate on unpleasant thoughts.  Daytime sleepiness reduces general quality of life.  



Dimwit modern doctors try to suppress REM to treat depression.  EVIL PHARMA has made  antidepressant drugs which suppress REM sleep. 

This is an unpardonable crime and these idiots do NOT understand the healing effects of REM sleep. REM sleep prevents self destructive behavior .REM sleep is paramount for mental clarity and learning . 


Loneliness increases the concentration of cortisol levels in the body.   Prolonged, high cortisol levels can cause anxiety, depression, digestive problems, heart disease, sleep problems, impaired cellular immunity, and weight gain.

Love on two way street kills loneliness.  Joining a yoga class, owning a small loving pet dog ,  playing/ watching your favourite outdoor game combats loneliness.

Peering into a photo album containing good memories combats loneliness.  The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain, but the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared. The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved and rejected.


The loneliness you feel with another person, the wrong person, is the loneliest of all- it eats you away like acid.  Over time, loneliness gets inside you and doesn't go away.

God created man for society.  He cannot bear to be wholly forgotten by it. Loneliness is the poverty of self; solitude is richness of self .   People cannot win against their loneliness because loneliness is the worst kind of pain it - it brings one face to face with oneself.

Crowds cannot cure loneliness when emptiness is your constant companion. Rather it can make you more lonely when you  realise you have no one to turn to. All seem to be happy in their own world except you.


Recently I watched the AIB Roast video where lot of perverts were propagating homosexuality and anal sex.   In the whole audience I could see every few people who were NOT lonely.  There is a way a lonely man smiles- it does NOT reach his eyes.

Below: Icons for India's children-- the salt -nay- bounty of India .




Gays cannot differentiate between lust and love . Anal penetration is NOT love. Homosexuals are VERY LONELY people. The decadent west honors dark sexuality like sadomasochism, as an expression of love.  


GAYS MUST HAVE MULTIPLE PARTNERS , THIS IS A PSYCHOLOGICAL THING AND THEY NEED TO PREY  ON MINORS WHO ARE CONFUSED AND UNABLE TO KICK HIM ON HIS BALLS .

AAARRGGHH   PPTTHHEEEOOOYYYYY !

Uprooting family values and spiritual decay is the aim of the NEW WORLD ORDER fully supported by our BENAMImedia.  The whole idea is to break the emotional security of the family and make you lonely.

Gays are being encouraged to identify with a "sexual orientation" and not a country, a culture .so that BIG BROTHER can steal .  The NWO promotion of 'all things gay' serves a much deeper and sinister role than most people suspect.  Who has selected this word GAY— Lochin fu#kin' var  ?


KNOWING THAT YOU AS$HOLE  HAS A NON-HEALING FISSURE AND YOUR PRICK HAS A COLD SORE MAKE YOU VERY LONELY. 

Orgasm from LOVE ( and not LUST ) electrically charges healthy sperm.  


A man will never  make an ass out of a woman he loves – rather he is ready to sacrifice .   A lonely preying gay will definitely make an ass out of the man whose whose ass he want to penetrate .  These perverts do NOT care about the other person's feelings before acting.

Love is something far more than base desire for anal sexual intercourse.  Love is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflict human beings . A man in a foreign and strange land will NOT feel lonely as long as he knows that he has someone who loves him waiting for him to return home.



Love sees a bright future together . There is this feeling that your life would be totally empty without her.  You include her in all your plans .


Love and marriage have been "discredited," by the R owned BENAMI Indian media .  According to them if India has to progress there must be rampant ANAL SEX if possible on the streets in public- and Indian women must be employed in some Zionist multinational company rather than being a home maker .

In the decadent west women have nothing left to exchange for love but sex.

Within a year of  a  western girl getting her first menses she has already spread her legs for dozens of boys — just to spread the good word around that she is NOT a lesbian or a frigid ice cube.

It is NO wonder that they are unnaturally obsessed with appearance , putting plastic inside their bodies and pathetically give their bodies to all and sundry.  Date rapes are considered LOBE—nay- love.


Indian women are being exhorted and brainwashed by R controlled media ,  that self-fulfillment lies in career success and not husband and family.   The BENAMI media uses every trick in the book to pound into Indian women’s heads that  social rewards of holding down a job are critical to one's sense of dignity and self worth.

In India since ancient days  love is not based on a woman's sex appeal, but on other gunas . Ultimately, it is based her homemaker abilities.    Men have fought great wars over lust,  but they all come back home for love.



Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.   It's love when a woman rejoices for her partner's happiness and his dreams ,  even if that means being away from her .  


Love is what makes you stay with someone even thought the butterflies and feelings of lust are gone.   Love is when you want to do all you can for someone not expecting anything in return at all.  

We have arranged marriages in Hindusim because we know that people mistake LUST and INFATUATION for LOVE. 

 If you find a person's face and body gorgeous, and the things he does or his bank balance pushes your buttons, then you have lust, and it feels fantastic; but it's not love with an emotional connection.

When the chemicals start to fade from your body, the lust will disappear; and you'll be wondering what you ever saw in him

R cultivated an idiot by the name of Charles Darwin ,  to eliminate god from the equation.  Most of the atheists are VERY lonely people.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/charles-darwin-and-his-apple-capt-ajit.html

Many women in India have become  schizophrenic  ( triggered by loneliness ) , as they attempt to reconcile their natural motherly instincts with constant exhortations to do the opposite.  

God's love can ONLY be seen in a woman's dedication to her husband and children— not to her gora boss in some Zionist multinational company – who will give her FREE  company bonus for IVF fertilization , in case she has missed her biological bus.


If your partner is the first person that you think about when you want to share your innermost thoughts, it is love. There is a great willingness to make sacrifices for another and working at settling differences. There is this ability to compromise so that either both win or at least give the other person's opinion a chance.

The English language created the world  'loneliness' to express the insufferable pain of being alone where you are sucked in a downward spiral .   And it has created the word 'solitude' to express the glory  being alone using free choice .  Loneliness is the poverty of self, while solitude is the richness of self.



Loneliness makes us  vulnerable- solitude does not .  Solitude is pleasant. Loneliness is not.

The loneliness you get at sea is personal and alive.  It doesn't subdue you and make you feel abject.

THE CAPTAIN OF A SHIP IS A LONELY MAN —NOT IF HE IS TRUSTED BY HIS CREW AND HE RETAINS HIS HONOUR.

Loneliness is never more cruel than when it is felt in close propinquity with someone who has ceased to communicate. This need NOT be husband and wife .  

One of my Third Mate’s once told me that as a cadet SCI used him to man ships waiting for scrap in Mumbai harbor. He used to be alone with another cadet .  Both were friends—but then they would fall our over some minor thing –and they would not talk to each other for a week. 



Yet they would cook together on a stove . ( This is NOT allowed by law – as young 18 year old cadets cannot be misused thus way ).  They  would start talking again as the loneliness of a huge ship with only two souls on board ( like marooned on an island ) can be crushing.   

No one ever discovers the real depths of his own loneliness.   Loneliness is the universal problem of rich people who have exploited vulnerability in a mean manner .  Fame and fortune doesn't end loneliness.

Creative writing which can make a dent in the universe and leave foot prints in the sands of time for thousands of years is indeed an antidote for loneliness.

The west do NOT have psychologists who are smart enough to save their own lives.  No wonder their top cat Sigmund Freud committed suicide. .   



The decadent west has lost  connection with themselves.  It requires some amount of intelligence to understand this statement.    

This sense of separation from self is felt as a deep emptiness ,  an excruciating longing – “ the hole in the soul syndrome” . They feel that something is missing all the while.

This HOLE IN THE SOUL is the main cause of all their  compulsive, addictive, unhealthy behaviors. They  drink, drug, over-eat, shop, consume, waste, abuse, acquire, collect, hoard, manipulate, control, export,import , manufacture –  all in an effort to numb the pang of loneliness. 

Digression:

WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A PRIEST AT PRAYER AND A CHUTNEY MARY  IN A BATH TUB ?

THE PRIEST HAS HOPE IN THE SOUL,  THE CHUTNEY MARY  HAS SOAP IN HER HOLE !

TEEEE HEEEEEE  !



Gettin' back- 

Pain and fever is the symptom for you to find out what is wrong with your body and take steps to heal.

Same way loneliness is a pain from the soul to stop and ponder , what has gone wrong.   It is a inner voice asking you to be true to yourself – true to the purpose that God re-inducted you into this planets life on a mission .   



Somewhere , sometime you have lost connection to your inner self.   Maybe you were ungrateful. Maybe you did NOT use your god given abilities to do good to the planet and its denizens . The loneliness that you feel is none other than the voice of your inner soul calling out to you.  




God re-inducted you into this planets life system for a  purpose . The more you deviate the more will be the crushing  pain loneliness in the garb of  longing, restlessness and discontent. When it comes to loneliness you have to help yourself. 



You will never be lonely if you have the care , love and support of a happy home.  All things of great value are absolutely free, given an received in silence without an audience.  Strive for good robust health and a positive cash flow ( in step with modern times ).  

Be yourself – there is NO need for silicon, cock sock , wigs, high heels or hair dye.  Hold your self esteem high, without props. It is important to love the job you do.  Do NOT hold a job like these benami TV anchors who have the Zionist golden handcuffs on them—they sell their motherland,  day in day out.  These people are always lonely. 

Have clear meaning and purpose to your life.  Live your life by design—not default. Wipe a tear from a hungry man. Give a lift to a footslogger whom you have always ignored. Visit someone who never expected you , in the hospital. Feel the happiness course through your veins. I call this bliss. Being socially responsible. 

Following the path of self discovery. Have an open heart. Celebrations are in order when you have won something your deserved and worked hard at—or even worn yourself out for.. Sleeping well at night, because you have a clean conscience – for you have never stitched up anybody . Because you have a sense of accomplishment in managing the pieces of your day and feel like a winner. Because you have run your own race . 

You have no need to over analyze and then declutter your mind or tonsure the past with booze and drugs.  Have the ability to say NO and pull the plug,  to cast a shoe aside that does not fit and being graceful , mature and poised while doing this.  Have the ability to play a bad hand well.  Retain your  good sense of humor.

Never breach a trust.  Have pride in own character. Have hope in defeat and faith in your abilities. Compassion and forgiveness are perfectly selfish and wise acts to avoid loneliness . Kindness, generosity, patience, tolerance, humility, fairness , helping others to grow and reach their potential -- all create happiness and keep loneliness at bay. 

Follow your emotions but know when to control them. An easy and calm mind can only be attained when emotions are allowed a safe expression.

Perfectionism is a deep ego trip.  Have the ability to separate your pride from the situation in hand.  

Our ancient Maharishis said in all their wisdom—“ Do NOT allow beautiful things to own you.”  Maharishis could make out a lonely man by watching his aura or seeing his skin tone.

Do NOT be hypersensitive and take mundane things personally .Every body is having a tough time. Most have no time for tender mercies.  Do NOT expect too much.  There is no need to dwell  on nasty remarks .  Have the ability to move on after grieving.  Show grace under pressure.

Breaking your own word to yourself consistently, makes you lonely.   Loneliness is unchecked can get you addicted to emotional drama, hysteria and cynicism. Being happy at the expense of anothers deep unhappiness affects your sub-conscious and propels you to loneliness . When you go to a Hollywood swimming pool you can taste loneliness.

Have zest and enthusiasm for life. It is easier said then done for a man deep in the dark well of loneliness and sinking .

Our 6000 year old Ayurveda told us how to avoid loneliness -- to experience as many colours hues of nature every day ( flowers, blue water, white clouds, green grass, red sunset etc ) during a nature walk , -- and as many food taste varieties ( salty, sweet, sour, bitter etc ).

People who let a small dispute injure a great friendship are lonely.  Sachin Tendulkar must know what he did to Vinod Kambli.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/vinod-kambli-and-match-fixing.html

Make peace with your past --so that you don't mar your present.

Never jump into the bandwagon, or bow to precedent-- never be preoccupied with stuff over which you have zilch control--

Treat life as an adventure-- never let criticism shake your confidence—

Happiness is not a constant.  Just because you are not happy it does not mean something is wrong. Perfect utopia lies only in the minds of unhappy perfectionists.

Identify and avoid disruptive behavior.  Never bow to precedent.  Cut off ties with dishonest , mean and negative people.   The more crap you put up with, the more crap you will get.  Refuse to be swayed by emotion when it conflicts with reason.   Avoided problems will not go away, rather it becomes worse.  Always have your opinions. 

Silence , and spinning the CHARKHA while looking away,  has lead the way to every atrocity in history.   Knowing what is right and not being able to do it is cowardice. Such a man cannot be happy. 

GANDHIJI  NE  CHARKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZADI DILWAAYA – SPAKE  AN ALICE FROM GUJJULAND  

Never show weakness while negotiating.  Make peace with your past so that it does not mess up your present.  Accept that life is NOT always fair.

Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them— THAT IS WHY MANY FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE LONELY.


If you feel lonely, try and win the trust and affection of a street dog.  Take out a piece of meat from your Hyderabadi biriyani and feed that dog. It will never forget you after that.  Believe me it can be a very rewarding experience.  

You must always show interest in other people before they will show interest in you, if they ever do. Do not think that just showing up will win you instant friends. It can be a long, painstaking process and most people you meet already have their own friends and lives.

When a western tourist comes to India , he is guided by his tourist brochure not to give eye contact to Indians-- who may then try to take advantage out of them  .

So who cares ?

When you take a sub train in Europe or Scandinavia the same people will sit opposite to each other for a year- yet they will NOT give eye contact- or even wish Happy New Year ..

There are the loneliest looking people in the world. 

I have been all around this planet .

I know !

If you wanna  join Amway or Tupperware parties to lose your loneliness – here is my advise —stay away! You will only become more lonely.   Here friends and family are used like curry leaves and discarded . 

Free enterprise and social responsibility , my ass. 

Amway has churned out so many lonely people on the verge of mental breakdown.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/amway-merchants-of-pipe-dreams-capt.html

Turn your loneliness into something beautiful and even profitable- like Charles Schultz of Peanuts fame, by all means . But avoid deliberate suffering.

Lots of western old women grow vegetable gardens or rose gardens, which is indeed a bright idea,to be fruitfully occupied while alone while warding off feelings of abandonment by children based  loneliness.  They lengthen their lives and reduce on medicare by this hobby.   

Staying alone and feeling lonely increases your chances of early death by more than 30%..it is not just sadness and melancholy at stake here .  There is great pain in feeling like an outcast. 

There is great agony in loving someone whom you cared for and made great sacrifices , who doesn’t feel the same way.   Loneliness leads to depression and other, more dangerous emotional states.



We feel lonely when we are unhappy with the quality or quantity of our interpersonal relationships. Socially isolated western women have higher breast cancer symptoms.   Having friends and strong social connections will help them  live longer and live better. 

Friendship quantity is important when we’re younger.   But as we get older quality is more important than quantity.

Again, loneliness is not the same as being alone. Everybody may choose to be alone at certain times.  It is only when you seem trapped in your loneliness that it becomes a real problem.

You might experience loneliness as a vague feeling that something is not right, a kind of emptiness. Or you might feel loneliness as a very intense deprivation and deep pain. One type of loneliness might be related to missing a specific loved individual because they have died or because they are so far away without contact.   

You might even feel emotionally isolated when you are surrounded by people but are having difficulty reaching out to them.

Loneliness is a passive state.  You  passively letting it continue and doing nothing to change it. You hope it will go away.  It wont and if you are NOT pro-active it will engulf you.



You may feel brave enough to embrace loneliness and sinking down into the feelings associated with it .  It will send you into a downward whirlpool of depression and even suicide.

To stop feeling lonely, you must first accept that you are feeling lonely.   Lonely people do NOT admit it to their friends and relatives.  Write your feelings down in a diary.  

Expressing your feelings , even in a poem  might lead you  to discover that you feel a number of things which might be connected to your feelings of loneliness, including sadness, anger, and frustration. 



You may be able to begin to see where these feelings are coming from—what they are connected to in your lives.  As you begin to see the connections you will be more able to begin to make some useful changes. 

When you are drowning you need to make an attempt to swim first to float and then to save yourself.. Others cannot force you to do it. You have to help yourself.


Stop being passive and become more active.   

When people deny or conceal their loneliness, it gets worse. People will become lonely for a while when the spouse dies or a best friend rejects your friendship over a trivial thing .  Maybe that friend who let a minor discord injure a great friendship , was NOT worth it.

If we’re missing someone, telephone them or even visit them.  Sending a email is NOT the same as a voice contact or a visual skype contact .

Loneliness promotes  distrust.   Sometimes it is better to open out to someone who is OUTSIDE your social circle—or you will never open up enough

 It may be better to open up during a long walk on the sea shore or a park ,instead of face to face – so that the emotional temperature can be kept low.

Loneliness is a state of mind.

By the way,  poverty is NOT a state of mind like what our AKKAL KA DUSHMAN  yuvraj told .

Loneliness,  is not necessarily about being alone.  Rather it is the perception of being alone and isolated .

Loneliness is connected with loss of roots.  A young Khalistani Sikh in Canada may sound very upbeat- but deep inside he is lonely and hurting.   He is reaping the fruits of the choice his vulnerable father or grandfather made. 

This man can never be a first class citizen- he can pretend till the cows come home .  He can paint KNEDAAA ( Canada ) so rosy that his entire village wants to migrate. 

Many of you must have felt a strange stage fright in school when you had to deliver an extempore speech to a large audience on stage .  For lonely people life becomes a stage .  They lack the  confidence in themselves , and they believe that they are unworthy of the attention or regard of other people.  

Loneliness affects  physical and mental health.   Risks include -
Depression
Suicide
Heart disease
Stroke
Stress
Memory reduction
Shabby  behavior
Poor decision-making
Alcoholism / drug addictions
Alzheimer's disease
Altered brain function/ mental problems 


 Loneliness disrupts the regulation of cellular processes causing  premature aging.

Every cell in our body has the ability to remember. Our cellular memory can store the memory of physical trauma like accidents, wounds, surgeries, abuse, trauma , fear etc that manifests in low self-esteem, stress etc.

Many modern doctors scoff at the 7000 year old Vedic theory of cellular memory.  Vaccines can be used to explain cellular memory.  In 6000 year old Ayurveda leeches were used to inject a small controlled amount of cultured bacteria.  

Your immune system immediately sets up a counter-offensive to keep you from getting sick from it.  Then your immune system 'remembers' that type of experience to keep you healthy.  This means vaccines evoke cell memory by their actions.  

Cells can “remember” how to fight a virus so you won’t get reinfected.  Cellular memory is the reason why after a heart transplant, patients are given immune suppressant drugs to stop their own bodies from attacking the new organ.

If you think Edward Jenner invented vaccination, you are mistaken.  Ayurvedic physicians from Kerala have used leeches to vaccinate the Egyptian pharaoh .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/edward-jenner-leech-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

The master cellular control system of the human body is holographic.  Nothing we experience escapes being imprinted into our Cellular Hologram in the form of a cell memory.  What we commonly refer to as "The Cellular Memory" is the collective energy field generated by these individual cell memories.  It operates behind the scenes of our subconscious mind , which takes in everything.




The Cellular Memory is the database on the storage disk. The files within the database are the cell memories.  Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of reenacting the painful experience.   This constricted energy  affects our habits and perceptions by way of loneliness.

If each cell contains all of the information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also recorded on a cellular level.  Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening will continue to resonate within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy.

When trauma is suppressed into the cellular memory, that energy can get stuck. The problem with suppressed cellular memory is not only does it limit our ability to live freely and joyfully in life but it can also catalyse the body in developing physical illness.

Cellular memories which have imprinted themselves in the cells as a result of life experiences. Traumatic cellular memories are like little transistor radios transmitting destructive energy patterns within the body, causing loneliness and shutting down the body’s immune system.   

Loneliness can be cured by spirituality acting at the cellular level , NOT by modern drugs.  When spiritual healers heal the cellular memories , he heals the process that causes the physical, emotional, and spiritual diseases you  have.  He defragments the human hard drive.



Cellular healing allows the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems to harmonize allowing the  immune system to do what it was intended to do and keep you well.

The ancient Vedas has written that everything in the universe is energy.  We may appear solid matter but looks can be deceiving.  Modern science has proved that if we magnify our cells down to atoms it can be seen that we are made up of subtle energy fields and not matter.   

Modern science now backs up ancient Indian knowledge that  our cells contain Tvatsa ( DNA helix  ) which is the blueprint for the complete design of our physical bodies.  Only Hinduism has ever talked about past life regression.  

Non-Hindus cannot talk on this subject as their single book /single messiah religions preach heaven and hell-  not re-incarnation.   There is NO heaven / hell concept in Hinduism.

As we change and grow in any aspect of our lives, our cells are constantly updating our personal data. Cells retain the information of all life experiences that has been absorbed from genetic heritage, nothing ever experienced whether positive or negative escapes being programmed...  

Wilder Penfold , who lifted from the Vedas, was the first person in modern times, to bring to the R media (and hence patent the 7000 year old Vedic text)   the idea of our genes storing permanent records of our past, and that these memories are hidden away from our conscious mind, either by choice or blocked by trauma etc.


An example of cellular memory affecting you is recurring nightmares. These arise from cell memories of your own negative emotions which you deliberately suppress during waking hours. These upsetting events can sometimes show up this way when the subconscious mind has so many suppressed memories that it is impossible for them to remain dormant, and just start to bubble over and  try to connect with the conscious mind, to be recognized and dealt with. 

If we cannot meet our feelings of fear, or emotional pain we allow ourselves to be controlled by them. Without past life regression therapy it can be almost impossible to heal, as the memories are suppressed and we are not aware of holding onto them. 

Past life regression is mentioned in the Upanishads of ancient India and is also  discussed in great detail in the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali. Patanjali discussed the soul being burdened with an accumulation of impressions that were part of the karma from previous lives. Patajali called the process of past life regression, prati-prasav (literally "reverse birthing"), and involved addressing current problems through memories of past lives. 

Prati-prasav is used today as a practice in some types of yoga.   Past life regression is a 7000 year old Vedic technique that uses hypnosis to recover what most practitioners believe are memories of past lives or incarnations. Hindus believe in re-incarnation.  Past life regression is typically undertaken either in pursuit of a spiritual experience, or in a psycho therapeutic setting.




Past life regression a Vedic technique of Charaka ( father of Medicine ) is recommended for people who are willing and decided to change, to secure relief from vices, negativity, repetitive illnesses, phobias, separations and conflicts, inability to love,trust, learn. etc.

Upon completion of the past life regression therapy, subjects are able to “reverse and resolve” negativity and vices  which, they were unable to solve through any other treatment or therapy. Erasing stored traumatic experiences from our cellular memory is akin to deleting a virus from a computer.  

The healer  helps the subject access the specific internal negative file and then reprograms or formats it. Entering the 'cellular level' of your consciousness is like entering a vast personal library, in which you can access all the significant memories, events, relationships and experiences of one's entire existence from a viewpoint of clarity, insight, and, most importantly, safety. 

From this place of clarity the significant issues are brought gently into awareness and integrated on all levels: physical, emotional, mental and spiritual. From these 'ah-ha' moments of realisation and release, profound healing is triggered at all levels., and is facilitated with hands-on, energetic and vibrational work . The cellular memory is the complete blueprint for your existence. It is the energetic expression of you as a holistic being. 



The labels "mind", "body" and "spirit" are artificial labels that exist to make it easier for you to comprehend your multidimensional existence on earth. If you magnify your cells down to your atoms, you would see that you are made up of subtle bundles of "info-energy." This info-energy is comprised of physical, mental and emotional data that comes from all of your life experiences, genetic heritage, and past generations. 

Nothing we experience escapes being imprinted into our cellular hologram in the form of a cell memory. What we commonly refer to as "The Cellular Memory" is the collective energy field generated by these individual cell memories. It operates behind the scenes of our subconscious mind. 

Decisions are made in the mind—choices are made in the gut.  anti-depressants targeting the brain solely, causes nausea. This means the brain and the gut are like Siamese twins. When one gets upset, the other one gets upset too. Half the nerve cells are situated in the gut. 

When I have a headache I always target my gut by having an alkaseltzer, and it have never failed to work 100%, withing 5 minutes.   If your gut is unhealthy, your immunity lowers. Both our gut and our brain originate early in embryo genesis from the same clump of tissue which divides during fetal development.  

While one section turns into the central nervous system, another piece migrates to become the enteric nervous system. Later the two nervous systems connect via a cable called the vagus nerve — the longest of all the cranial nerves . 



The vagus nerve meanders from the brain stem through the neck and finally ends up in the abdomen. 

There’s the brain-gut connection. The Vagus nerve upon leaving the medulla between the medullary pyramid and the inferior cerebellar peduncle, it extends through the jugular foramen, then passing into the carotid sheath between the internal carotid artery and the internal jugular vein down below the head, to the neck, chest and abdomen, where it contributes to the innervation of the viscera. 

Yoga gives the Vagus nerve a workout .






Below:  Kick all the Zionist sponsored FAKE YOGA GURUS who have hundreds of foreign branches  --  who do NOT understand  DEEP DIAPHRAGMATIC BREATHING -- on their asses - they do NOT deserve anything better  .



Besides output to the various organs in the body, the vagus nerve conveys sensory information about the state of the body's organs to the central nervous system. 80-90% of the nerve fibers in the vagus nerve are afferent (sensory) nerves communicating the state of the viscera to the brain.
  
This means your psychological health, is partly derived from the heathy gut. When you have severe dysentery , have you noticed how depressed you feel? Each organ in our body renews itself after a few days or weeks. 

For instance, in six weeks, each cell of the liver would have died, to be replaced by new cells. Our eye cells regenerate every two days, our skin cells regenerate about every 20 to 30 days, and our stomach lining regenerates about every four days. Why then, even when the cells are new, and the organ is renewed, do the old physical ailments continue to show up even in the new blueprint?



Why does an eye-problem, for example, not cure itself by the third day? What’s happening is that the memory from the old cell, sometimes called a phantom memory, is passed on to the new cell being born so the eye problem is replicated again and again even though the cell is entirely new and this continues indefinitely until the cell programming is interrupted.  Therefore, if we can somehow interrupt the negative programming, and reprogramme the cell towards positivity, healing can take place.

The 'cellular imprint' is released and the physical body, emotional and nervous system cleared of all past or external influences. 'Sanskaras' (a Vedic term meaning 'scars on the soul') which have kept us locked into repeating patterns of frustration and unhappiness, are brought into the Light (literally) and cleared, re-opening our personal connection to our Source and freeing us to live a more creative, more fulfilling life.

In the case of phobias, any traumatic past life event, especially death, can create an activation in the cellular memory when similar circumstances trigger it. For example, in cases of OCD, many have had past-lives in which they died from some sort of plague, thus creating a fear of death from anything connected to germs.

People who are in love on two way lane are thousands of times more resistance to HIV and viruses than those without these feelings. Strong positive emotions have showing to have amazing healing power. The smallest particles known to man are vibrations.  


Thoughts are vibrations.  Words are vibrations.  Sounds are vibrations.  Light is a vibration.  Our planet is a vibration.  Our entire universe and everything within it (seen and unseen) is a vibrating mass of atoms and subatomic particles. 

And all energy is a VORTEX SCALAR energy is capable of restructuring water molecules into smaller clusters, thus promoting the biochemical functions of water related activities in the body, and revitalising the metabolic functions of living things.  When scalar energy is applied on the human body, the scalar wave both improves the bio-field radiating outside the body and works internally to permeate the body's tissues.

Scalar energy also has the ability to destroy viruses and bacteria.  Scalar energy facilitates unclumping of cells and enhances circulation. This allows the fluid to flow rapidly, delivering nutrients to the cells and carrying waste away from the cells.  This scalar energy also improves the permeability of cell walls. cells. In this way, optimum cellular nutrition and detoxification is maintained.




This in turn, facilitates optimum cellular performance and function retard regeneration, age-related diseases may be prevented and hence slow down the ageing process. Each individual human cell possesses two characteristics – capacitance and inductance – which are the elements of a tuned circuit.  

Healing energy produces tiny eddy currents in body tissue.  Electromagnetic applications in energy medicine induce changes in tissue voltage, improve the activities of the body's enzymes, enhance ion transport at a cellular level and affect membrane potentials. 

The human body consists of approximately 70% water. Many biologically active compounds are switched on or off by changes in the concentrations of dissolved ions such as sodium and potassium. Individual water molecules, with their tendency to form hydrogen bonds, also stabilise the structure of proteins, whose action depends crucially on their shape.  

If the hydrogen bonding angles of one molecule are altered, those in the other molecules might be expected to follow suit (as in a domino effect). Our positive beliefs and intentions act to enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy primarily produced by the heart, vascular system and supercoil DNA. 


This field neutralizes chaotic incoming signals from the environment and from our negative thoughts, thereby allowing our cells to utilize their own innate wisdom for self-healing. When the scalar field resonates with life-enhancing vibrations all the cells in the body also experience growth signals leading to optimal health and vitality.

If you look at the source of negative thoughts and emotions, in all cases you will find that the root cause is “fear.” When you allow fear to interfere with your DNA signaling, you are traveling down the path of cellular degeneration. The opposite of fear is love. 

Like I said before a cancer patient on a 2 way street of love can cure himself. Often we are not able to identify the upset or past trauma. In this case, it may not be as easy as just changing the channel of our thoughts. Even though many of these issues have been long forgotten, subconsciously, our behavior is still shaped by them. 



Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of reenacting the experience. Poor health often results. In addition, this constricted energy many times affects our habits and perceptions in negative ways. Our misperceptions lead us to actions that create obstacles that keep us from achieving our highest possibilities. 

We develop unworkable relationships due to negative actions or we block our professional goals because of low self-esteem. Our beliefs about ourselves sabotage our creativity and general well-being.

Lonely people must identify the negative thought or emotion.  Thy have to help themselves . What is it you are thinking about that weakens you and disrupts your DNA communication system?  The way we react to an event is recorded in our molecular matrix. If each cell contains all of the information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also recorded on a cellular level. 



Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening may continue to resonate within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy.

 This matrix memory can alter our beliefs about ourselves and consequently our behavior as a result of the earlier, traumatic experience. This can cause us to feel lonely---  disempowered, have low self-esteem, feel rejected ,  feel unloved . 

These feelings all have a resonant frequency signature that vibrates throughout our being. This energetic disturbance upsets neurohormonal pathways in our body and constrict the energetic flow to cells, DNA, organ tissue, muscle tissue, and other systems in our body.

Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the electromagnetic, bio photon signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels. When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked.

 All acquired habits, and even higher mental activity, depend on chains of conditioned reflexes. The conditioned reflex works by association. Rather than a simple stimulus-response mechanism, the conditioned reflex is associated with memory. 

During healing the healer's alpha brainwaves synchronise with those of the healee, so both will be resonating at the same frequency (sympathetic resonance) . Channelling energy through the healer and to the healee involves both being in the alpha state. 



Longitudinal Scalar healing waves can be sent by a healer .  Scalar waves can be sent from any of the mobius coil systems in the human body--which includes the DNA, the mobius coil within your rib cage . 

Have you seen the way Mata Amritananda Mayi hugs her devotees. She has hugged 35 million people to date. Can you count up to 35 million? 

THE GREAT VEDIC HEALERS USED TIME REVERSAL METHOD 8000 YEARS AGO, USING SCALAR WAVES FROM THEIR 12 STRAND DNA.  

Cells affected by AIDS and SARS viruses which do NOT have DNA ( they have RNA ) can be time reversed.

 Thus the dying cells can be time reversed back to the healthy original state.  With chemotherapy, and along with it you kiss lot of your healthy cells also good bye.

5 dimensional standing wave field like Scalar energy can also be produced by machines, electronically,  optically or electromagnetically.



Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figure of eight in the shape of a mobius coil. When an electric current flows though the coil in opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires cancel each other-- and creates scalar waves. 

Plasma --the 4th state of matter is a crystal like ionised gas, and a super conductor of electricity--as it has an abundance of free electrons. Plasma can convert a transverse electromagnetic wave to a longitudinal wave.

Once you let go of the emotional distress, your thoughts and actions are no longer influenced by subconscious self-sabotaging influences. The way we react to an event is recorded in our molecular matrix.

Fear , feeling unwanted and lack of self esteem are feelings which have a resonant frequency signature that vibrates throughout our being. This energetic disturbance upsets neurohormonal pathways in our body and constrict the energetic flow to cells, DNA, organ tissue, muscle tissue, and other systems in our body. 

When properly activated by sound ( Sanskrit mantras ) combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy blueprint. Our mind itself is scalar in nature. Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. 



Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. 

All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level. 

Repressing emotions is a cause of  disease. Failure to find effective ways to express negative emotions causes you to 'stew in your own juices.'"  

Lonely people must communicate for their own good.. True cell level healing isn't just about releasing the memories stored there. It's also about replacing that memory with higher frequencies. When we release things, a vacuum is created, and unless we fill up that vacuum with a higher vibration, the same old pattern will be attracted back into the body. So as heartache is released for example, the cell level healing replaces that memory with the frequency of love.

Why do Westerners come all the to India to get healed?. The best hope for healing incurable illness  lies in healing destructive cellular memories, with the help of spiritually evolved healers. 

Our body is like a river, it may look the same but water gets changed all the time.  

98% of our body renews itself every 8 years.  Our skin renews itself every 28 days, our blood plasma every ten days, white blood cells renew three weeks, red blood cells every 120 days, entire blood in four months, cornea replaces every 24 hours,  the soft tissue every 6 months, and the dense tissue every 4 years, stomach lining turns over every 4 days, the villi which absorbs nutrients in the small intestine renews every 3 days, the skeleton will completely renew itself about every ten years, the liver in 150 days, entire hair on head in six years , the inner lining of the cheeks in a few hours, taste buds on tongue in weeks.

Of course brain damage is permanent and heart muscle damage is semi-permanent. Then why is that if you have some skin disease , the new skin which comes does NOT cure the disease?

This is the meaning of old progamming of new cells—it is about cell memory. DNA can be altered through magnetic fields, heart coherence, Sanskrit mantras, positive mental states and intention.  Genetic determinism is a flawed theory. 

Factors like love and appreciation ( positive quantum nutients ) or anxiety and anger ( negative QN ) also influence a person’s DNA blueprint program. When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body.

We can counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states of care, gratitude , appreciation and love.  How many Hindus mantras have you heard without an element of gratitude in it ?



Almost no one commits suicide without letting someone know how he is feeling.  People who wish to kill themselves are "suicidal" only for a limited period of time.  

No rich/ handsome / famous  man can claim that suicide is a  poor / ugly/ ordinary man’s curse.  Suicide is very "democratic" and is represented proportionately among all levels of society. 

Some men have rejected brides as her parent committed suicide . Suicide does not run in families. It is an individual pattern.   Studies of thousands of suicide notes indicate that although the suicidal person is extremely unhappy/ lonely, he was not necessarily mentally ill.

When you exercise, your brain releases chemicals called endorphins and serotonin. These chemicals help you to not feel the pain of the strain on your muscles but they also do something else: they make you feel happy.  

You need friends and well wishers.  Not on Facebook where a friend is a verb—but with authentic people who care. Lonely people are NOT necessarily in depression needing medicine . However  feeling lonely is often a predictor of depression one or two years later , and it certainly leads to sadness.

Can you believe this ?

NIKE MADE HAJAAR MOOLAH OUT OF LONELINESS WITH A BRANDING LOGO OF “JUST DO IT “




Do something — anything.  Kuch Bhi.   

In depression treatment there’s a theory called behavioral activation, which is a clinical way of saying, “Just do it.”   If you’re feeling lonely and want to change it, any small step you take — even striking up a casual, friendly conversation  is a good move.

A murderer Gary Gilmore was executed by firing squad in 1977.  When the time came to take the bullets he cried JUST DO IT.  This is NOT a cooked up joke.



Doing meditation  can help you identify and release some of the thoughts that could be keeping you feeling lonely and undermining your efforts to meet new people.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/vipassana-meditation-capt-ajit.html



Like I said , lonely people do NOT get proper REM sleep. But these people swear that had a good sleep.  They have NO idea of the micro-awakenings which deprived them of REM restorative sleep.  This zaps their motivation while at work or in doing any exercise.



Psychological factors such as loneliness are  important indicators of binge behavior .  You stomach is full to bursting point, yet you open the refrigerator.    People engage in addictive behaviors to temporarily forget the reality that involves loneliness .




Loneliness is a natural reaction a person would have if his need to belong is not being met.  Depression, on the other hand, is a much more general feeling of sadness, hopeless, or dejection. This difference must be understood.




85 LAKH DONATION PARTY PSYCHIATRISTS IN CAHOOTS CONVERT LONELINES INTO DEPRESSION TO MAKE MONEY .   LONELINESS IS NOT DEPRESSION.

Loneliness, instead, refers to the difference between the amount of social contact and intimacy you have and the amount you want.    It's about feeling isolated, like an outcast. . Loneliness has a clear stigma.

Loneliness makes our bodies feel like under attack and it activates our physical and psychological stress responses. . Loneliness causes our immune systems to function less efficiently, which over time, puts us at increased risk for developing all kinds of illnesses and diseases.

loneliness is not the same thing as being a private person, or a "loner," because some of us actually both need and enjoy a lot of time to ourselves..



The opposite of loneliness isn't popularity either - you can have HAJAAAR  "friends" and still feel lonely.

Lonely people pay more attention to negative social information ( remember a crying superstar on TV ? ) They make a great deal of the negative things.

In solitude, you lack contact with other people.  That isn’t necessarily loneliness: driving alone while singing to music on the radio is an experience of solitude.   Creative people seek solitude to break the creative barrier.    

It can also be a welcome refuge, in  spiritual practice, giving you the time and quiet for contemplation.   Solitude is necessary for self-reflection and self-reinvention.

RAHUL GANDHI  KITHE ?

Loneliness, is the discrepancy between your desired level of social contact with what you actually achieve.

What makes us happiest in life?  Most people may say fame and fortune.   But take it from me – it is a happy home and a loving family. 


Now super stars must understand this   - listen up—

Loneliness is about the QUALITY rather than the quantity of relationships.   A rich and famous superstar (Deepika Padukone knows ) may have a lot of friends but still find that their needs for social contact are not met.   

Loneliness has been a long explored theme in the literature of human beings since classical antiquity.  Lord Krishna knew that Arjuna was lonely 6000 year ago before the Mahabharat war.   Loneliness has also been described as social pain — a psychological mechanism meant to alert an individual of isolation and motivate him to seek social connections and solutions.

The loss of a loved spouse of parent  will typically initiate a grief response; in this situation, one will feel lonely,  even while in the company of others, till time heals.  A child feels lonely when his mother has given birth to a baby. When a daughter leaves home after marriage the mother usually  feels lonely.

When my father had his first heart attack, he was in the ICU for many days.  Every day he used to ask me what happened to the other guy in the room ( all died ) and I used to tell lies that he was discharged . 

One day my father said - do NOT tell lies to me.  So I told him NOT to ask me such a question again.

During these days he felt that he will die any time- and this made him give me a lot of information about his days in RSS.

He said the guy who died yesterday , was from one of the families whom the white British Collector fleeced during the second world war.   He said his father donated ( arm twisted ) 10 times more gold for the British war effort.   

The white skinned collector ( king of Calicut ) walked through the green paddy fields to collect the money.  

Those days they kept the family gold hidden under the grain in the PATTAYAM –  a huge box made of rose wood ( with an inner cavity )  about 4000 litres of volume  .  It occupied half a room with strong doors and walls .



Whether the gold went to the collector’s private bank or the British war effort is anybodys  guess.

He told me about the RSS triggered mutiny in 1946 . 

The old RSS people who died before independence in 1947 were real patriots . They were very LONELY people being eaten up from the innards by sheer frustration.  My father said that he is blessed to die in free India.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-indian-navy-mutiny-of-1946-only-war.html

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .

Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.

WE HAD MORE THAN 30 LAKH MEN WHO WERE TOUGH , TRAINED IN ARMS , BATTLE HARDENED AND READY TO DIE FOR THE WATAN. .   

ALL GANDHI REQUIRED TO DO WAS TO GIVE ONE FU#KIN’ WORD—THE ENTIRE 30 LAKH WHO HAD KILLED WHITE MEN IN BATTLE BEFORE,    WOULD POUNCE UPON THE WHITE INVADER LIKE WOLVES AND TEAR THEM TO PIECES WITH THEIR BARE HANDS.   

IMMEDIATELY THE SLAVE POLICE WOULD ALSO SHIFT LOYALTIES .

But hey, Gandhi told Indians that we must GHUMAAO THE CHARKHA and independence would alight upon us . 

These patriots watched in deep frustration as the white man RAPED Bharatmata and converted India from the richest to the poorest country.   

Hitler taunted Bose “ Are you Indians such cowardly people that millions of you cannot drive away a few thousand white invaders  who stand out in a crowd ?“

Yes- I agree with Hitler. We Indians watched like NAPUNSAKS with one finger in the mouth and another finger up our collective assholes , while R raped our WATAN.

This was a joke which my Russian Chief Engineer told in a shipboard party.

One beautiful Russian aristocrat actress had fallen into hard times.   She opened her legs out to anybody who can give her good money .   Many rich people went and ravaged her . 

But this woman was super smart.  She would steal from the wallet after you had fallen asleep after a good steamy hump session .  

So a rich miser Russian went and he came back and boasted – she could NOT steal from me , I am too smart for her.   

Every body wanted to know how—but he wouldn’t tell.   

So one day they laced his Vodka with a truth serum and he spilt the deadly secret.

AS SOON AS SHE UNDRESSED AND GOT IN BED WITH HIM,  HE MADE HER PUT ONE FINGER IN HIS MOUTH AND OTHER FINGER UP HIS ASSHOLE. 
  
THE WHOLE NIGHT WENT THIS WAY.  

TWICE SHE STEALTHILY TRIED TO TAKE HER FINGER OUT, ONCE FROM HIS MOUTH AND ANOTHER TIME FROM HIS ASSHOLE.   

BOTH TIMES HE CAUGHT HER AND PROMPTLY MADE HER SHOVE IT BACK . 
  
AS SOON AS IT BECAME MORNING HE  RAN HOME  , AS HE WAS SO GODDAMN SLEEPY .

TEEE HEEEEE !

I guess the Russian miser was smarter than us Indians -- our WATAN got raped.

GANDHIJI NE CHARKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZADI DILWAYA  - I HAVE HEARD OUR ALICE IN GUJJULAND TELL THIS ON TV. 

WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM THIS MAN ,  WHO IS RULING INDIA ? 

UNLESS HE IS PLAYING TO THE GALLERY - TO KEEP LANGOT YAAAR BAAAAAAAAAA HAPPY. 

BUT IS IT NECESSARY ? 

DOES INDIA NEED TO SUCK UP TO USA ?

NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WINNER , LANGOT YAAR BARACK IS ON THE WAY OUT-- ALREADY IN THE GARBAGE BIN OF WORLD HISTORY .

Below:  Both told their ENSLAVED AND OPPRESSED countrymen - 

love the white invader - when they hurt you , do not hurt them in retaliation .  

Today almost every day we have destructive bandhs, strikes , gheraos in India -with whole parliament sessions getting washed away --

Who is responsible ?



Digression:

The 1974 , CIA/ Mossad sponsored 20 day railway strike by 17.6 lakh workers in India engineered by George Fernandes is the largest strike on this planet even today. 

The whole idea was to force Indira Gandhi to become undemocratic and tough- a Hegelian Dialectic. 

After that foreign funded NGOs were running wild in India doing endless rabble rousing.   Indira Gandhi declared emergency on 25 June 1975.   

Goerge Fernandes sent his family to USA and went into hiding .   

Today he is SAID TO HAVE LOST HIS MEMORY,  sits in some Ramdev’s ashram staring at his thumb ( apparently his entire wealth was fingerprinted away while he slept )  .   

He was a pauper when he came to Mumbai sleeping on Chowpatty sands –  and then he became defence minister  of BJP govt sacking Admiral Vishnu Bhagat and replacing him with Admiral Isaac Sushil Kumar ( Israeli Barak Missile deal )   .   

WAAH RAAJA WAAH !

http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/wikileaks-george-fernandes-funds-from-cia-indira-gandhi-government/1/261356.html


Indira Gandhi was warned by R stooges crypto Jews Willy Brandt ( Egom Karl Frahm ) and Olaf Palme to be VERY nice to George Fernandes when she finally caught him and put him into jail.   

R gave his stooge German Chanceller Willy Brandt a Nobel Peace Prize in 1971.  

Olof Palme was killed by a single bullet – but hey,  more than 130 people have confessed to the murder.( dead men tell no tales –even on Bofors )



Three decades ago,  when my ship berthed at Felixstove near London , my wife saw a hill nearby with quaint cottages dotting it.  So in the evening I took her for a walk through this small village.  
Every cottage was pretty-like a picture post card .   

Almost all the inhabitants were old women and all of them had pretty rose gardens.  I told my wife “These are old lonely old women who have been abandoned by their children – now these rose bushes are their children “

An old English lady ( in her eighties ) came hobbling to us with a beaming smile.  She said , that she knows that we are Indians –probably seeing the DOT on my wife’s forehead .  

And then she went on and on—how old parents in India are so lucky to have grateful children who take care of them in their old age.   

She has 3 daughters and 2 sons , and nobody bothers even to visit her – and then she cried moaning how lonely she is – and how even her neighbours do NOT care .  

Her husband had served in India .  

We complimented her for her gardening skills and told her that her garden is the prettiest-which made her very happy.   And then we moved on, walking away very fast – NOT daring to look into anymore rose gardens .

The eternal quest of the individual human being is to shatter his loneliness. Loneliness is proof that your innate search for connection is intact. Hostility comes from loneliness, from not seeing yourself like a drop falling into the ocean of humanity like everyone else.

BELOW : 6000 years ago, when the whole  world was doing GRUNT GRUNT for language  -- check out the wisdom of ancient India, penned down in Sanskrit .



In any war, the dominant feeling of a soldier onf the battlefield is loneliness.  Arjuna was the first to identify this and ask Lord Krishna for help 6000 years ago.   



The discourse is penned down as the amazing Bhagawad Gita-  a book which will last till the sun goes supernova. 




 This book does NOT need abridgment like the Bible or any other single holy book.



IN MODERN SLANG , THE BHAGAWAD GITA TEACHES-

THE PAST IS SHIT IN THE SEWAGE TANK

THE FUTURE IS UNKNOWN 

THE PRESENT IS FOOD ON THE TABLE

DO NOT HAVE ONE LEG IN THE PAST

AND ONE LEG IN THE  FUTURE

TO PISS ON THE PRESENT.


BE IN THE FU#KIN' MOMENT !


YOU, THE SOUL IN YOUR BODY DOES NOT DIE

YOU DO NOT BELONG TO YOUR BODY

YOU COME NAKED , YOU GO NAKED

CHANGE IS THE ONLY CONSTANT ON THIS PLANET 

WHAT IS YOURS TODAY WILL BELONG TO SOMEONE ELSE TOMORROW- UNKNOWN TO YOU.

YOUR CADAVER BODY IS MADE OF FIRE , EARTH, WATER , AIR AND ETHER 

IT WILL DISINTEGRATE INTO THESE ELEMENTS , THE ONLY THING FOR SURE

ONLY YOU, THE SOUL, THE BALL OF ENERGY INSIDE YOU , IS PERMANENT

YOU ARE NEVER A LOSER ,  UNLESS YOU QUIT TRYING.!





"The marvel of the Bhagavad-Gita is its truly beautiful revelation of life's wisdom which enables philosophy to blossom into religion." Herman Hesse





BELOW: THE ESSENCE OF BHAGAWAD GITA IN DETAIL .



Below:   Put on head phones and listen to the beauty of the original sanskrit verses- 6000 years old .



Due to lowering of ground water table many farmers have left their old family trade of thousands of years and are now coming to big cities where they take up the jobs of building watchmen for survival. They experience a huge sense of loneliness as they find it very hard to find that human connection . It is a DNA program thing.

I have seen loneliness among the descendants of indentured labour.  Despite all their success and affluence they feel lonely.  Most of these men have extra marital affairs .  I suggested to some of my friends to take a trip to India ,the land of their ROOTS--  to amputate their loneliness . It has worked for all of them.  

You can imagine the condition of the Khalistanis in Canada and UK- they suffer from loneliness , because their vulnerable fathers and grandfathers were fooled into making wrong choices. They bravado prevents them from admitting it. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

Most of these Sikhs have been placed on CHANNE KA JHAAD by the white invader.  They tell the naïve Sikhs—your  race is so brave that even the British could NOT defeat you .   What do the Sikhs know of reality.   

The British had an agreement with Sikhs that they would NOT attack them, as long as they act as a buffer kingdom and prevent Muslim invaders from entering India to help the Mughals who were being bled and strangulated slowly .

 Finally R helped the Maratha Peshwas to run over the Sikh kingdom, making the Maratha Shiv Sainiks fell extra brave— see even the British could NOT defeat the Sikhs , but we Marathas defeated them.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/maharaja-ranjit-singh-rise-and-fall-of.html

This is the DECEIT with which a German Jew took over India- and defeated mighty Mughals .  

Kerala which was never conquered due to the deadly Kalari tradition , was also usurped by deceit. 

Whenever France gives aid, beware.  They are always at logger heads with the English speaking white man, but the French R Jew is a cousin of English R Jew.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

TODAY R IS BACK IN FULL FORCE , WORKING UNDER ALICE IN GUJJULAND MODIs  NOSE. 

ARE WE TO SAY APCO MODI DOES NOT KNOW ALL THIS ?

R FUNDED TROJAN HORSE NGOs GET AWARDS .   

EVERY AWARD HAS A CASH AWARD ( BRIBE ) ATTACHED. 

MONEY IS DEPOSITED IN A SWISS ACCOUNT AND THE NGO INDIAN OWNER IS GIVEN A DEBIT CARD .   

IT IS SO EASY TO FIND OUT WHO THESE PEOPLE ARE, IF THERE IS POLITICAL WILL .  JUST CHECK THEIR PAST FOREIGN TRAVELS . 

ANY TIME HE OR SHE DOES NOT TOE THE LINE , SAY -  FOR MAKING INDIA STOP COAL MINING – THEY ARE THREATENED WITH EXPOSURE  . 

ONCE YOU RECEIVE MONEY AS AN AWARD  (  BRIBE )—THERE IS NO WAY OUT. 


The Indian and World main stream media are in cahoots with big brother.  

When was the last time you saw the BENAMI Indian media do NATION BUILDING or show a vestige of DESH BHAKTI TO THE WATAN ?.   

Why is the BENAMI Indian media and their prime time perception moulders on TV so upset when someone praises ancient India ?  

I wish we have a short period of MILITARY RULE by a desh bhakt military dictator  – so that these desh drohis can be hung in the market place. 

This blog site can provide a list of JUDAS Indians whose loyalties lie in foreign lands – with real PROOF.

Loneliness is scary.    Living in constant fear warps your DNA program.   A failed marriage which produced children causes acute loneliness.   

In LOVE marriages , women need to do ONEUPMANSHIP propelled by falthu ego - in which LUST plays a major part  .    Arranged marriage are based on trust , compromise and honour.

If she earns even 200 rupees more than her husband she feels the need to wear a strap on mental dildo to screw her husband.

Below:  Thank god the mother-in-law is NOT wearing a bikini with high heels , inside the house -- to be modern and HEP like her daughter-in-law.   I suggest the mother-in-law learns English-- with French thrown in for good measure TEE HEEEE ! .



There is no loneliness greater than the loneliness of a failure.  It is a feeling of emptiness or hollowness inside you.

Your entire batchmate has passed  in the exams at UK,  and have gone back to India after throwing a gleeful party , while you have failed and have to try again.

At sea this translates to you taking orders from your junior batch who have been promoted as Captains.  There is a stigma attached which causes crushing loneliness.

Keep yourself busy.   Having down time is what causes feelings of loneliness to creep in. Throw yourself into some creative work which will be valued and can stand the test of time.   

After you retire from a specialized profession give some knowledge back – especially the ones which you cannot get in books.   

This knowledge must be practical , and which can only be created by people who have experienced all this again and again.


Many people wonder why this blogsite’s reader count is high.

This is NOT due to talking about R , or current politics or Hinduism .   Most of it is due to practical technical knowledge given away FREE

Example?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/naive-sailor-winch-brake-rendering-capt.html


Be a pleasant guy or gal .  Draw people toward yourself by providing enjoyable company.  Be complimentary rather than critical. There is NO need to be blunt or split hairs .  

For a casual comment, don't nitpick other people's clothes, habits or hair.  They don't need to be reminded they have a small stain on their shirt when they can't do anything about it.  Or someone has a tedha face – he already knows about it, you don’t have to spell it out-especially in front of others .

Be smart and convert your loneliness to solitude. Put a poster on the wall to remind you of this. This is NOT the way one slimy Supreme Court woman lawyer ( with a scowl ) told on TV-- that she will convert adversity to opportunity.  Or her turd into sausage - and make you eat  hotdog.


Usually, when we're devoting most of our time to other people, we tend to neglect ourselves.  If you're going through a period of loneliness, take advantage of it by doing the things that you want to do for yourself.

Consider learning a new skill, where you have non-competitive people around you. Like  playing a musical instrument,  learning to paint or dance.  This gives a creative vent  for your inner feelings. 

The best would be to join a Yoga class where you heal your loneliness and get yourself centred .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/01/yoga-only-complete-exercise.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/01/yoga-only-complete-exercise-part-2-capt.html



With loneliness the brain goes into a self-preservation state that brings with it a lot of unwanted effects.  When your brain is on high alert, your body responds in kind. Morning levels of the stress hormone cortisol go up because you’re preparing for another stressful day.


Sleep is interrupted my micro-awakenings when you get  a flatter diurnal cortisol cycle. 




This gives poor REM sleep , one of the triggers of loneliness.





Most old people who suffered from dementia also suffered from loneliness in the early parts of their life.


A piece of advice to my bachelor readers.    
  


When you choose a wife in future make sure you do NOT marry any BEAUTIFUL  woman whose has --hajaar EGO problems,  
who has the habit of doing ONEUPMANSHIP  and talking back in spite,
who has WOMENS LIBERATION CHIP ON HER SHOULDER ,
who wears a bikini / mini skirt / plunging neck line at every opportunity and has lost her ABILITY TO BLUSH ,
who spends too much money on MAKE UP AND LATEST FASHION CLOTHES,
who does not want to have children and has a PLAY PEN BETWEEN HER LEGS instead of a nursery,  
who roots for HOMOSEXUAL MARRIAGES,  
who loves your BANK BALANCE more than you,
who gives you CONDITIONAL LOVE,  
who wants to you to make BED TEA for her in the morning,
whose love for you does not have a vestige of PERSONAL SACRIFICE,  
who does not have the WE concept with her feeling alone as the sole focus,  
who hates your family,
who does not share her secrets including her weight,
who drinks hard liquor and smokes, 
who punishes you by COLD indifference when you make a genuine mistake,  
who does not derive joy when seeing small playful babies,
 who has the need to belittle you and make you feel stupid,
who expects you to surrender your dignity too often,
who makes rules for rules sake,
who commandeers your support,
who raises her voice against you for trivial things ( beware of hysteria ) ,
for whom a small argument MUST end in victory for her alone,  
who has NO sense of personal hygeine,
who gives you deadlines  ghodi ghodi – nay- ghadi ghadi,
who does drip drip nagging,
who goes into a deep sulk often for trivial matters-sweating the small stuff in TUNNEL VISION mode,
who cannot understand constructive criticism,
who opens past baggage and strews sordid things around  re-opening healed wounds,
who is addicted to self pity and crying,
who shifts goal posts in a MEAN MANNER –yes—MEAN MANNER,
who wants to run the home on control-not trust,
who loves to spring the GUILT TRAP on you endlessly,
who fails to see INNOCENCE in childrens mistakes, 




HOME IS A PLACE TO DE-STRESS , NOT TO GET STRESSED OR FEEL LONELY.
I have been married for 32 years   -never fought with my wife even once- we can talk for hours , laughing often , without feeling bored .
Bachelors  ensure that you marry a woman who can take care of you and your children and cooks for you - with a spirit of sacrifice . This is more important than good looks.
Love creates commitment to another and all intentions are genuine intentions.  


Below: He was late for candle light dinner- and she kicked him on his teeth, TEEE HEEEEE -- OH BAABY, I AM SO LOOONEEELYYY --BABE--I HAVE NO BAAADYY !



Remind yourself that if you ask a co-worker or a friend  to join you for lunch and the person can’t make it, you shouldn’t automatically assume that he or she has rejected you.



Lonely people are in a RUT and they must be helped out. 



Many people left stranded this way, commit suicide.  




This is an angry assault on those UNGRATEFUL people who will be left behind who must deal with the emotional aftermath of a suicide- and become lonely / depressed themselves . 




Hundreds of thousands of elderly people are lonely and cut off from society in this country, especially those over the age of 75 . 


THEIR OWN CHILDREN HAVE KICKED THEM OUT OF THEIR LIVES.   THER ARE VULNERABLE , WORRYING ABOUT THEIR FURURE—BROODING ABOUT THE INGRATITUDE OF THEIR CHILDREN




There is NO escape – when your own mind screws you .. 




Your entire fame , fortune and kick ass lawyers cannot help you out .



70% of those who commit suicide have previously attempted it.   The highest risk age group is 75-79; the second highest is 15-24.


Of any ten persons who kill themselves, eight have given VERY definite warnings of their suicidal intentions.


Lonely people must get enough early morning sunlight exposure.   



Suryanamaskar was created by seers to battle loneliness.  You connect personally with the greatest of all allies, the sun.


Loneliness  can make you feel very self-focused, meaning that everything is all about you. 




They must know that all are in the rat race , doing their best – and some just don’t have the time for tender mercies.  



Loneliness is associated with neuroticism, low self-esteem, pessimism, low conscientiousness, and disagreeableness.   


Loneliness is greatest among those who have experienced divorce and widowhood.. their well wishers must know this.



Once loneliness is triggered, it generates a defensive form of thinking—a “lonely” social cognition—that can make every social molehill look like a mountain.  


Lonely people tend to be more anxious, pessimistic, and fearful of negative evaluation than people who feel good about their social lives, and are therefore more likely to act and relate to others in ways that are anxious, negative, and self-protective, which leads paradoxically to self-defeating behaviors.  

Remember a happy home and family is the real prize.



Loneliness is the No 1 public health issue today – far greater than obesity , diabetis  , alcoholism and substance abuse.  Loneliness increases mortality risk by 30%.   The suicide / death rates are understated.  


The west knows how lonely they are—with Zionist BIG BROTHER supporting homosexuality and living together without children as DINKS( double income – no kids )



The growing reliance on social technology rather than face to face flesh and blood interaction is making man feel more isolated.    It means we feel less connected to others and our relationships are becoming more superficial and less rewarding.  

Man is a social animal.  He needs  to feel that he belongs  to others and feel connected .




Social pain is as real a sensation as physical pain.  Loneliness and rejection activates the same parts of the brain as physical pain.  


We have seen this happening in BIGG BOSS reality show, when inmates gang up and isolate someone.  


A day is NOT far when some inmate will commit suicide LIVE and the producer of the show along with the watching pea brained psychologist goes to jail .




People who are lonely often crave human contact, but their state of mind makes it more difficult to form connections with other people.


A lonely OBESE child who struggles to make friends at his school, and ridiculed often,  has different needs that an lonely elderly man whose wife has recently died.



Loneliness is not feeling part of the world.  Loneliness, is usually a side effect of the barriers you have  put up over the years to protect yourself from the world, and the world from you.



BEING BRANDED A PERVERTED PEDOPHILE HOMOSEXUAL CAUSES GREAT LONELINESS



WHITE TOURISTS HAVE GONE ON SABARIMALA  PILGRIMAGE AND CURED THEIR LONELINESS .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/sabarimala-makaravilakku-three-light.html



Lonely people  find it hard to reach out. There is a stigma surrounding loneliness and older people tend not to ask for help because they have too much FALTHU pride.


To feel lonely is to have an overwhelming feeling of being separate from those around you.



Seeing other people on Facebook  who seem to have HAJAAAAR comments / likes or heaps of followers can sometimes make us feel unpopular or lonely.


A recent study of Facebook users found that the amount of time you spend on the social network is inversely related to how happy you feel throughout the day.


We live in a bullshit modern society that judges your popularity  based on how expansive your social networks appear.


Lonely people do NOT tell that it is loneliness that makes the loudest noise inside their heads.  Life consists of very long days when you're lonely.    Indeed , so much of our lives is an attempt to not be lonely.  


Conscious man is the only creature who knows he is lonely.  Loneliness follows like a shadow everywhere – to the care, to the workplace, to the streets , to the supermarket –every fu#kin’ where. There aint no escape.



Loneliness, like most other feelings, is there to warn you to take corrective action. When you have pain or fever, you treat it as a symptom and take corrective action , right?   You owe it to yourself –for the  longest relationship you'll ever have in your life is with yourself.




ARRANGED MARRIAGES ARE DESIGNED TO PREVENT DIVORCE  –  TO KEEP LONELINESS AWAY. 


Love marriages are fickle and they fail.  

Chutney Mary who has opened out her legs since her first menses knows how to lay the HONEY trap and get herself another guy.   Before marriage the “love marriage system” has caused her to allow several men to taste her forbidden fruits  .



The first guy she will latch with a week,  is just to make her divorced husband mentally bleed.  Men never think this mean way . This affects men very badly- but they are too proud to admit it .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/marriage-sans-fights-capt-ajit.html

Women seek to regain a sense of belonging whereas men are more interested in regaining self-esteem.

No western psychologist is smart enough to put a finger on this. He can even differentiate between LOVE and LUST.  

I suggest they first learn UNREQUITED LUST to help out the perverted gay pedophiles.



Lust is what a man feels when he goes to a whore.  He will NOT even wait for the whore to dress up after he has finished .  For lust is short-term fun, while love is the long haul. 

Gay lust does NOT last and they look for multiple partners, often two timing and three timing them. While in animal lust a man does NOT care if the woman has anything at all in common with him.




I have climbed highest mountains
I have run through the fields
Only to be with you
Only to be with you.

I have run, I have crawled
I have scaled these city walls
These city walls
Only to be with you.

But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.
But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.

I have kissed honey lips
Felt the healing in her finger tips
It burned like fire
(I was) burning inside her.

I have spoke with the tongue of angels
I have held the hand of a devil
It was warm in the night
I was cold as a stone.

But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.
But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.


I believe in the Kingdom Come
Then all the colours will bleed into one
Bleed into one.
But yes, I'm still running.

You broke the bonds
And you loosed the chains
Carried the cross of my shame
Oh my shame, you know I believe it.

But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.
But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.

But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.
But I still haven't found
What I'm looking for.



YES , YOU ACT LIKE IT AINT A BIG DEAL -- WHEN DEEP INSIDE YOUR  HEART IS BLEEDING.


YOU GAVE HER EVERYTHING SHE WANTED , WITHOUT MAKING SURE FIRST , THAT SHE WANTED IT, RIGHT?



Wise men say only fools rush in
But I can't help falling in love with you
Shall I stay? Would it be a sin?
If I can't help falling in love with you

Like a river flows gently to the sea
Darling so it goes, some things are meant to be
Take my hand, take my whole life too
Cause I can't help falling in love with you

Like a river flows gently to the sea
Darling so it goes, some things are meant to be
Take my hand take my whole life too
Cause I can't help falling in love with you
For I can't help falling in love with you



Only on Facebook Internet can a person be lonely and popular ( hajaaar likes ) at the same time.  Attention ka pyaasa ( thirsty ) is indeed a cry of loneliness.  If you feel disconnected, you shall  experience loneliness. For these souls even a expected LIKE not coming-is a sign of rejection – a reason to brood why he is not “good enough”.

NOBODY CAN REJECT YOU WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT.  .  BALLS TO THEM !

WHEN I COMMANDED SHIPS AT SEA- I HAD A LIST OF MY SHORE BOSSES WHO COULD KISS MY ASS -  AND I MADE SURE THEY KNEW IT .  THEIR BALLS WENT UP THEIR THROAT IN AN INSTANT ..  AFTER THAT THEY WOULD LAY OFF !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/captain-sleeps-tonight-capt-ajit.html



Loneliness is as a discrepancy between one's desired and achieved levels of social interaction, while solitude is the lack of contact with people.  Loneliness is thus a subjective experience; if a person thinks he is lonely, then he is lonely- as simple as that . 

JAASTI JHANJHAT NAHI .  

But our psychologists or evil pharma , will never ever understand this .



A person can be in the middle of a rip roaring rave party and feel lonely due to not talking to the person he wants to talk to.


When a person is sick and bed ridden , he wants some of his friends to visit him.  If they do NOT and hundreds of others visit him with empty words and roses , he is bound to feel terribly lonely.


When loneliness gets mixed with NOSTALGIA—the feeling is terrible.  You can brood about  all of the good times that will never happen again, and all the people who have meant the world to you who have forgotten about you forever,  and you get this heart crushing  feeling – a potent  mix between loneliness and nostalgia.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/nostalgia-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



A lot of lonely people need to self introspect — 

have they been to self centered ? 

–  too selfish ?

- ungrateful ?  

Is it a case of chickens coming home to roost ?



Many couples have split because one of them confused LOVE with LUST ( WITH GOLD DIGGING THROWN IN FOR GOOD MEASURE ) .

A CHUTNEY MARY  driven by lust is searching for physical pleasure, while a man who is in love with her  is in search of deeper joy and happiness.  




If you’re in love, the attitude of your heart is one of selflessness, with the other person as your focus, whereas if you are in lust the attitude of your heart will be one of selfishness, with yourself as the focus. 


True love is driven by a divine desire to provide for, nurture and care for the other persons needs.   Love is was endures long after the high feelings of base lust are gone.




Doctors who prescribe ANTI-DEPRESSANTS for loneliness are criminals.

Antidepressant use among Americans is skyrocketing.   Adults in the U.S. consume TEN times more antidepressants today than 25 years ago.  

The side effects are bad and this drives many people to suicide.  Anti-depressants affect REM sleep.   


Most people do NOT even know that most antidepressants take a few weeks to work.


Lonely people die early.    They call themselves LOSERS and are ashamed of themselves.    Never ever diminish what the lonely person is going through.  Loneliness should never be equated with a fear of being alone.   


Monophobia or autophobia is the  fear of being alone and can cause panic attacks—leading to anxiety and depression.  Evil pharma has made medicines , which can NEVER cure the fear of being alone –only numb the brain though chemical interaction.  The law makers are in the pockets of evil pharma.  So poor citizens suffer .



People who are from happy families and live in happy homes live longer .  Loneliness can happen when there is a lack of LOVING communication between spouses-who are far apart due to job realities .


How often people have distanced themselves people they  love because of a bullshit reason like “ I am afraid of being hurt”



Unloved  children when they reach adulthood are afraid of being hurt—in some other relationship.


Stigma and disadvantage can cause people with highly visible deformities ( like a hump back or albino ) to experience a physical disability to feel excluded from social activities.  Many Sikhs in European countries have cut their hair and disposed off their turbans – I have several such friends.



Lonely people can serve themselves by surrounding themselves with good memories- like a photo album containing pleasant soul elevating nostalgia.


I have seen dogs feeling lonely when its master goes away on a holiday leaving it alone.

For humans loneliness is a shame-based experience, it is typically kept a secret.  What sets the lonely apart is a perceived isolation, the sense that their relationships do not meet their social needs.

Loneliness is a deeply embedded psychological condition, having enough friends can never result in feeling secure and lovable.

Building up one's self-esteem and ability to love, respect and care for oneself is fundamental in solving and healing the deeper psychological conditions.

Tumors can metastasize faster in lonely people.

Love in two way street with lots of laughter can cure loneliness .   

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/day-before-you-came-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

The way of meditation allows all of our thoughts and feelings to come out. Let your thoughts and feelings come and go at will. Just observe. Leave them be until they settle of their own accord.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve

Try Vipassana meditation.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/vipassana-meditation-capt-ajit.html
******************************************************************************
HEART MATTERS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THIS IS A TEMPORARY POST  .

MAKING A COMMENT IN THE COMMENT COLUMN IS IMPOSSIBLE - AS IT WILL BE TOO LONG .

THE PREVIOUS POST ON LONELINESS IS INCOMPLETE - JUST 50% OVER.




XXX
April 1, 2015 at 4:38 PM
Hi Captain,

This is a great blog. Very detailed and informative. I am a big fan of yours.

Sir, as you are very knowledgeable, I need your expert advise and help for my problem.

My father has irregular heart beats which was found out recently . But he has been feeling it since 25 years whenever he is under pressure, tension or feeling depressed.

Recently we consulted a leading doctor from XXX Hospital in XXX.   He is a Electrophysiologist. Even before seeing the reports, he scared us out of our minds by firstly saying that its a very complex issue and my father has a high risk of brain stroke.

He also said it can be genetic as my father's mother had a very rare disorder where the muscles become week over a period of time. So he asked us to consult a neurologist and under go lot of tests which also included muscle biopsy .

He also said that this may be because of Atrial Fibrillation or because of improper functioning of Sinus node in the heart.

So he suggested that my father should first undergo AF Ablation which would cost us around 3-4 lakhs. But even after this procedure, if the heart beats are not regular then he is supposed to under go one more surgery to insert a pacemaker which again will cost us around 3-4 lakhs.

My father is very health consious and has been working out regulary for more than 15 years. But since a year he has stooped gyming and has been doing yoga and pranayama for 2 hours every day.  He dose surya namaskar, sirsasana, sarvangasan and many other asanas. He also has a very healthy diet too. His chelostrol level is also normal.

So we were really tensed by the the doctor's behaviour. We are not sure if we should go ahead and get the surgery done.

I have been following your blog for quite a time and know how knowledgeable you are.

So wanted to know your views and suggestion on this.

I will be really greatful for you for your help.

Thanks and Regards
XXX

ReplyDelete
Replies
##################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 1, 2015 at 7:57 PM
Hi XX,

the comment will be too long.

i will put a temporary post

TAKE A SECOND OPINION  -- TO CHECK OUT IF ABLATION / PACE MAKERS IS INDEED A MUST

capt ajit vadakayil

..

##########################

I must tell you the time, when I myself was declared a heart patient.    And I kicked the 85 lakh donation party doctors on their “you know where “.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/draw-diagram-marine-two-stroke-main.html

A couple of years ago, my neighbor ( a school mate ) died of heart attack after evening dinner .  I left for joining my ship 4 hours earlier.   I told my wife- he would NOT have died if I had left for my ship the next day.

Every body whose parents have a heart problem must know the basics of on man CPR.  You do it well , your parent may survive for the next 20 years .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/cpr-ambu-bag-and-oxygen-resuscitation.html

Below: At sea we do 15 compressions and 2 blows 


Below:   In this modern age , you must know how the heart works.    In Kerala people started getting heart attacks only after they stopped using VIRGIN COCONUT OIL OR COOKING .



Below: The heart needs to get electrically impulsed.  On the ship we have huge electrical alternators to produce electricity.   In case there is a engine room fire , these generators cannot be stated unless they are EXCITED by a  9V DC battery.  

Once I met an engineering superintendent , in my company apartment at Singapore- he was going to revive a dead engine room after a fire-- and I asked him, if he knew how to excite the alternator-- he had NO dang idea !



Just because your heart palpitates, it does NOT mean you are gonna die.

Your heart is made up of four chambers — two upper chambers (atria) and two lower chambers (ventricles). The rhythm of your heart is normally controlled by a natural pacemaker (the sinus node) located in the right atrium. The sinus node produces electrical impulses that normally start each heartbeat. From the sinus node, electrical impulses travel across the atria, causing the atria muscles to contract and pump blood into the ventricles.

The electrical impulses then arrive at a cluster of cells called the atrioventricular node (AV node) — usually the only pathway for signals to travel from the atria to the ventricles.

The AV node slows down the electrical signal before sending it to the ventricles. This slight delay allows the ventricles to fill with blood. When electrical impulses reach the muscles of the ventricles, they contract, causing them to pump blood either to the lungs or to the rest of the body.

In a healthy heart, this process usually goes smoothly, resulting in a normal resting heart rate of 60 to 100 beats a minute. Conditioned athletes at rest commonly have a heart rate less than 60 beats a minute because their hearts are so efficient.
  
Heart palpitations are a feeling that your heart is beating too hard or too fast, skipping a beat, or fluttering. You may notice heart palpitations in your chest, throat, or neck.

Most of the time they are NOT  serious or harmful, and they  go away on their own. Most of the time, they're related to stress and anxiety or to consumption of stimulants such as caffeine, nicotine, or alcohol.
However seek immediate medical attention if along with palpitations, you experience shortness of breath, dizziness, chest pain, or fainting.

When a obese person sits down on his haunches for a long time doing something on the ground , or even squatting in an Indian style toilet reading a book (or whatever ? ) , and he suddenly gets up—he may feel a bit faint due to sudden lack of blood in the brain.

Many things can cause heart palpitations.

Non-heart-related causes of palpitations include:-------
A person whom you are in LOBE- nay – love with is suddenly encountered.
Strong emotions such as anxiety, fear, or stress; palpitations often occur during panic attacks –or even when you see a reared up cobra eye balling you rom close quarters .
Vigorous physical activity- you lifted more than what you can to impress somebody
You had excessive stimulants like alcohol, or illegal street drugs such as cocaine and amphetamines
You have medical conditions, including thyroid disease, a low blood sugar level,  anemia,  low blood pressure, fever, and dehydration.
A female having  hormonal changes during menstruation,  pregnancy, or the perimenopausal period; sometimes, palpitations during pregnancy are signs of anemia.
Medications, including diet pills, decongestants, asthma inhalers, and some drugs used treat an underactive thyroid.
Certain herbal and nutritional supplements.
Abnormal electrolyte levels ( potassium , sodium etc )
Eating heavy meals super charged with  carbohydrates, sugar , ajinomoto etc  which is NOT a normal thing for you .




Now-

"Arrhythmia" means your heartbeat is irregular. It doesn't necessarily mean your heart is beating too fast or too slow.  It just means it's out of its normal rhythm.   If you are diagnosed with an arrythmia, don’t panic.  Not all arrhythmias are life threatening or cause health complications. Arrhythmias may not cause any signs or symptoms. In fact, your doctor might find you have an arrhythmia before you do, during a routine examination. Noticeable signs and symptoms don't necessarily mean you have a serious problem.

It may feel like your heart skipped a beat ( you saw you old childhood sweet heart ) , added a beat, is "fluttering," or is beating too fast (which doctors call tachycardia) or too slow, because you are lonely (called bradycardia).  

Or, you might not notice anything, since some arrhythmias are "silent."
Doctors classify arrhythmias not only by where they originate (atria or ventricles) but also by the speed of heart rate they cause:

Tachycardia refers to a fast heartbeat — a resting heart rate greater than 100 beats a minute.
Bradycardias refers to a slow heartbeat — a resting heart rate less than 60 beats a minute.

Not all tachycardias or bradycardias mean you have heart disease. For example, during exercise it's normal to develop a fast heartbeat as the heart speeds up to provide your tissues with more oxygen-rich blood.  During deep sleep  or times of deep relaxation, it's not unusual for the heart beat to be slower. During REM sleep the beat will be higher.

Although a heart rate below 60 beats a minute while at rest is considered bradycardia, a low resting heart rate doesn't always signal a problem.  If you're physically fit, you may have an efficient heart ( a super –athelete ) capable of pumping an adequate supply of blood with fewer than 60 beats a minute at rest.   Certain medications used to treat other conditions, such as high blood pressure, may lower your heart rate.

If SLOW heartbeats (bradycardias) don't have a cause that can be corrected, doctors often treat them with a pacemaker because there aren't any medications that can reliably speed up your heart.



You could have an arrhythmia even if your heart is healthy— but there are 85 lakh donation party doctors who will insist that you need an expensive pacemaker –so that he can sing all the way to the bank.

Some people with arrhythmias require no treatment.  For others, treatments can include medication and making lifestyle changes.    Stay away from stimulants used in cough and cold medications which contain ingredients that promote irregular heart rhythms.

When symptoms of an arrhythmia occur, they may include:--
Palpitations ( feeling that your heart is "running away").
Pounding in your chest.
Dizziness or feeling light-headed.
Fainting.
Shortness of breath.
Chest discomfort.
Weakness or fatigue .

A slow heart rhythm due to an abnormal SA (sinus) node. Significant sinus node dysfunction that causes symptoms is treated with a pacemaker.    A pacemaker is a device that sends small electrical impulses to the heart muscle to maintain a suitable heart rate.  Pacemakers primarily prevent the heart from beating too SLOWLY .  

Sick sinus syndrome ( sinus node dysfunction) — is the name for a group of heart rhythm problems (arrhythmias) in which the sinus node , the heart's natural pacemaker,  doesn't work properly.  The sinus node is an area of specialized cells in the upper right chamber of the heart that controls the rhythm of your heart.  Normally, the sinus node produces a steady pace of regular electrical impulses.  In sick sinus syndrome, these signals are abnormally paced.

A person with sick sinus syndrome may have heart rhythms that are too fast, too slow, punctuated by long pauses — or an alternating combination of all of these rhythm problems. Sick sinus syndrome is relatively uncommon, but the risk of developing sick sinus syndrome increases with age.

Many people with sick sinus syndrome eventually need a pacemaker to keep the heart in a regular rhythm.

Most people with sick sinus syndrome initially have few or no symptoms. In some cases, symptoms may come and go.

When they do occur, sick sinus syndrome symptoms may include:--

Slower than normal pulse (bradycardia)
Fatigue
Dizziness or lightheadedness
Fainting or near fainting
Shortness of breath
Chest pains
A sensation of rapid, fluttering heartbeats (palpitations)
Many of these signs and symptoms are caused by reduced blood flow to the brain when the heart beats too fast or too slowly.

Types of sick sinus syndrome and their causes include:---

Sinoatrial block. Electrical signals move too slowly through the sinus node, causing an abnormally slow heart rate.

Sinus arrest. The sinus node activity pauses.

Bradycardia-tachycardia syndrome. The heart rate alternates between abnormally fast and slow rhythms, usually with a long pause (asystole) between heartbeats.

Sick sinus syndrome may also be set off by medications, such as calcium channel blockers or beta blockers used to treat high blood pressure, heart disease or other conditions. However, in many cases, the sinus node doesn't work properly because of age-related wear and tear to the heart muscle.

An implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD)is a sophisticated device used primarily to treat ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation, two life-threatening heart rhythms
The ICD constantly monitors the heart rhythm. When it detects a very fast, abnormal heart rhythm, it delivers energy to the heart muscle to cause the heart to beat in a normal rhythm again. There are several ways the ICD can be used to restore normal heart rhythm. They include:

Anti-tachycardia pacing (ATP). When the heart beats too fast, a series of small electrical impulses may be delivered to the heart muscle to restore a normal heart rate and rhythm.

Cardioversion. A low energy shock may be delivered at the same time as the heart beats to restore normal heart rhythm.

Defibrillation. When the heart is beating dangerously fast or irregularly, a higher energy shock may be delivered to the heart muscle to restore a normal rhythm.

Anti-bradycardia pacing. Many ICDs provide back-up pacing to maintain heart rhythm if it slows too much.

Catheter Ablation is a procedure where , high-frequency electrical energy is delivered through a catheter to a small area of tissue inside the heart that causes the abnormal heart rhythm.  This energy "disconnects" the pathway of the abnormal rhythm.  Ablation is used to treat most PSVTs, atrial flutter, atrial fibrillation, and some atrial and ventricular tachycardias.

In Catheter ablation  procedure, your doctor threads one or more catheters through your blood vessels to your heart. Electrodes at the catheter tips can use heat, extreme cold or radiofrequency energy to damage (ablate) a small spot of heart tissue and create an electrical block along the pathway that's causing your arrhythmia.


There can be a  delay or complete block of the electrical impulse as it travels from the sinus node to the ventricles.  The level of the block or delay may occur in the AV node. The heart may beat irregularly and, often, more slowly. If serious, heart block is treated with a pacemaker.

Tests used to diagnose an arrhythmia or determine its cause include:--

Electrocardiogram
Holter monitor
Event monitor
Stress test
Echocardiogram
Cardiac catheterization
Electrophysiology study (EPS)
Head-up tilt table test

A variety of drugs are available to treat arrhythmias. These include:-

Drugs that control heart rate and include beta-blockers.

Anticoagulant or antiplatelet therapy or blood thinners to reduce the risk of blood clots and stroke.  .
Because everyone is different, it may take trials of several medications and doses to find the one that works best for you.

Atrial Fibrillation (AF) is a  disorganized heart rhythm occurs in the upper chambers of the heart. It is the most common arrhythmia. Atrial fibrillation occurs when many unstable electrical impulses misfire, or quiver out of control. AF can increase the heart rate to 200 or more beats per minute (BPM). Atrial fibrillation is caused by chaotic electrical impulses in the atria. These signals result in rapid, uncoordinated, weak contractions of the atria. 
The chaotic electrical signals bombard the AV node, usually resulting in an irregular, rapid rhythm of the ventricles. Atrial fibrillation may be temporary, but some episodes won't end unless treated.  Atrial fibrillation can cause blood pooling in the heart.  Blood clots are more likely to form when blood flow through the heart is altered in any way. A blood clot can break loose and travel to the brain, causing a stroke.

Atrial flutter. Atrial flutter is similar to atrial fibrillation. The heartbeats in atrial flutter are more-organized and more-rhythmic electrical impulses than in atrial fibrillation. 




Atrial flutter may also lead to serious complications such as stroke.  Atrial flutter  happens most often in people with heart disease



DEADLY Ventricular Fibrillation (VF) is an abnormal rhythm can stop the heart from beating and cause cardiac arrest.  It occurs in the ventricles, where blood is pumped out to the body and brain. VF is a serious condition that may cause DEATH  if it is not immediately treated.   


An erratic, disorganized firing of impulses occurs from the ventricles. The ventricles quiver and are unable to contract or pump blood to the body.  This is a medical EMERGENCY  that must be treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and defibrillation as soon as possible.   
VF causes pumping chambers in your heart (the ventricles) to quiver uselessly instead of pumping blood. Without an effective heartbeat, blood pressure plummets, cutting off blood supply to your vital organs. A person with ventricular fibrillation will collapse within seconds and soon won't be breathing or have a pulse. 



An ECG measures the timing and duration of each electrical phase in your heartbeat. Before we join a ship we have a thread mill test.

For sporadic arrhythmias, you keep a portable ECG device ( event monitor )  attaching it to your body and pressing a button when you have symptoms. This lets your doctor check your heart rhythm at the time of your symptoms.

There are Yoga manoevers to stimulate the Vagus nerve.

You can stop an arrhythmia that begins above the lower half of your heart (supraventricular tachycardia) by holding your breath and straining, dunking your face in ice water, or coughing. This affect the nervous system that controls your heartbeat (vagus nerves), often causing your heart rate to slow.  Vagal maneuvers don't work for all types of arrhythmias.

Medications used to treat high blood pressure or heart disease — such as beta blockers or calcium channel blockers — can worsen abnormal heart rhythms. In some cases, adjusting these medications can relieve symptoms.

Accessory pathway tachycardias. You can get a rapid heart rate because there is an extra pathway between the heart's upper and lower chambers. It's just like if there was an extra road on your way home as well as your usual route, so cars can move around faster. When that happens in your heart, it can cause a fast heart rhythm, which doctors call tachycardia. The impulses that control your heart rhythm travel around the heart very quickly, making it beat unusually fast.

AV nodal reentrant tachycardia. A rapid heart rate due to more than one pathway through the AV node. It can cause heart palpitations, fainting, or heart failure. In many cases, it can be terminated using a simple maneuvers, such as breathing in and bearing down, and others performed by a trained medical professional. Some drugs can also stop this heart rhythm.



We do NOT want this comment to go too long.

GO FOR SECOND EXPERT OPINION— 

ASK THE DOCTOR FOR A BRIEF CONDIION EXPLANATION - 

THE ABOVE INFO ONLY SERVES TO UNDERSTAND WHAT A SPECIALIST DOCTOR SAYS. 
******************************************************************************
ABNORMAL UTERINE BLEEDING - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MY POST ON LONELINESS IS JUST 65% OVER  - BUT I HAVE TO PUT A NEW TEMPORARY POST (  BAAAAD CAPTAIN ! ) .

ONE OF MY READERS HAVE PUT A QUERY.   THE ANSWER CANNOT BE CONTAINED IN A SHORT COMMENT .

KERALA WOMEN NEVER HAD THIS PROBLEM 40 YEARS AGO -

NOW IT IS COMMONPLACE DUE TO TOXIC FOODS




XX
XX, 2015 at 4:03 AM
Dear Captain,
My mother is suffering from Thickened Endometrium condition for the past 5-6 years. She is 54 years old and the excessive bleeding goes on for days.  After consulting doctors it was decided to remove the Uterus and the operation is being planned in a weeks time.   I wanted to ask you if there is any solutions in Ayurveda for this problem as medicines have been tried for the past 4-5 years with only temporary relief to bleeding which resumes after a while. If we go through with the surgery will there be any severe after-effects to worry about? Worried and awaiting your reply.

Thanks,
XXX

ReplyDe

#########################










Hi XX,

Ayurveda cure is covered in my post -

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/chembu-kizhangu-colocasia-and-pms.html

I have covered the hormones involved in my post-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/karva-chauth-synchronising-fertility.html

In the above post the wannabe goragaands, Chutney Marys and Pickle Johns had attacked me .

Most Chutney Marys have the vaginal bleeding problems due to their polluted life styles-and they fell depressed and lonely  . 

They will NEVER put this info on Face Book .   They will only put what a ball they had with their TATTU Pickle John partners and husbands.

Nowadays doctors recommend uterus removal ( hysterectomy) at the drop of a hat.  This can be crushing news for a young woman who can produce babies but does NOT have one.

The basis for this recommendation is a “perceived” of endometrial cancer, to be developed in the future. – with an attached WARNING that  the only other sensible alternative was to undergo PAINFUL endometrial biopsies at six-month intervals to monitor for the recurrence of hyperplasia or progression to cancer..

It is a total MONEY MAKING ploy.

However for old women , let the doctor decide ( it is safe and we have experienced surgeons ) . 

You must always take a second opinion however if you deem fit, for your mother .

Endometrial hyperplasia is a thickening of the lining of the womb, caused by overgrowth of the cells that line the womb.

It is not cancer.

But in some women it can develop into womb cancer.

Endometrial hyperplasia is often related to a lack of balance between the two female hormones, oestrogen and progesterone. There may be times when the body is exposed to oestrogen without progesterone in the body to balance it.

There are two types of endometrial hyperplasia:--- 
Hyperplasia without atypical changes
Hyperplasia with atypical changes

Atypical changes mean that the cells have changed and become abnormal and this is associated with a higher risk of womb cancer.

The most common symptom of endometrial hyperplasia is abnormal vaginal bleeding. This might be prolonged, heavy periods, or bleeding between periods. 

Endometrial hyperplasia can be diagnosed by , hysteroscopy— check out the Youtube video.



Women who don’t have atypical changes have a very small risk of developing a cancer. But women with atypical changes have an increased risk of womb cancer  .

10% women with endometrial hyperplasia go on to develop womb cancer.

This risk is higher for women with atypical hyperplasia who have been through the MENOPAUSE.

If you are young and don’t have atypical cell changes, you just need treatment with progesterone to balance the effects of oestrogen.  

But if you have been through the menopause, or have atypical cell changes, then there is NO big deal in undergoing surgery.  This would be removal of your womb (hysterectomy) and ovaries.

WHAT I WRITE IS FOR INFO ONLY —


DOCTOR MUST DECIDE AND YOU MUST FOLLOW.

Hysterectomy is surgical removal of the uterus.  It is a major operation  . 



It is carried out to treat various problems associated with periods, pelvic pain, tumours and other related conditions.  The problem you are experiencing will determine what type of operation is required and whether the fallopian tubes, ovaries, and cervix will also be removed.  

If you are still having your periods, a hysterectomy will stop them and you will no longer be able to get pregnant.. Some conditions which have no alternatives might include cancer, unbearable pain and EXCESSIVE bleeding.

Your Doctor Might Suggest A Hysterectomy If You Have:--

Uterine Fibroids (myomas)

These are non-cancerous tumours of different sizes that usually shrink after menopause.  Fibroids are common and normally don’t need treatment unless they cause symptoms.  However, larger fibroids can press against the pelvic organs and may cause bleeding, anaemia, pelvic pain, pain during sex or bladder pressure.  This is the most frequent reason for a hysterectomy.

Endometriosis

When the tissue lining the uterus grows outside of the uterus and onto surrounding organs, it can cause painful periods, abnormal vaginal bleeding, scarring, adhesions, and infertility (difficulty getting pregnant).  It is the second most common reason for women to have a hysterectomy.

Uterine prolapse

The uterus moves down into the vagina because the tissues that hold the uterus in place weaken. The condition may lead to urinary incontinence (problems holding your urine), pelvic pressure or difficulty with bowel movements.  Childbirth, obesity, persistent cough or straining, and hormonal changes (loss of estrogen after menopause) are typical causes.

Pelvic Pain

Endometriosis, fibroids, adhesions, infections or injury may be a few causes of pelvic pain.

Abnormal Uterine Bleeding

Common causes are hormonal imbalances, fibroids, polyps, infections of the cervix and cancer. Related symptoms may include heavy or long periods, bleeding between periods or bleeding after menopause. .

Cancer

Depending on its extent, endometrial cancer (cancer of the lining of the uterus), cervical cancer and cancer of the ovaries or fallopian tubes often require a hysterectomy to stop it from spreading to other organs.

An endometrial biopsy ( see video ) is needed to determine whether the thickened endometrium is due to endometrial cancer.  The pathologist will look at the endometrial tissue specimen under the microscope to determine whether the cells are normal, pre-cancerous (atypical endometrial hyperplasia), or cancerous.

Fibroids are muscular tumors that grow in the wall of the uterus (womb). Another medical term for fibroids is "leiomyoma"  or just "myoma".  Fibroids are almost always benign (not cancerous). Fibroids can grow as a single tumor, or there can be many of them in the uterus. They can be as small as an apple seed or as big as a grapefruit- believe me sometimes as big as a soccer ball.



Today a large percentage of indian women develop fibroids by the time they reach age 50-due to polluted/ toxic non-veg foods .  Fibroids are most common in women in their 40s and early 50s. Not all women with fibroids have symptoms.  Women who do have symptoms often find fibroids hard to live with.  Some have pain and heavy menstrual bleeding.  

Fibroids also can put pressure on the bladder, causing frequent urination, or the rectum, causing rectal pressure. Should the fibroids get very large, they can cause the abdomen (stomach area) to enlarge, making a woman look pregnant.

After menopause, fibroids usually shrink..   Women who are overweight are at higher risk for fibroids. 

Eating plenty of organic green vegetables and Chembu kizhangu , Arrow root Koova  protect women from developing fibroids.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/thiruvathira-karva-chauth-of-kerala.html

Most fibroids grow in the wall of the uterus. Doctors put them into three groups based on where they grow:

Submucosal - fibroids grow into the uterine cavity.
Intramural - fibroids grow within the wall of the uterus.
Subserosal - fibroids grow on the outside of the uterus.

Some fibroids grow on stalks that grow out from the surface of the uterus or into the cavity of the uterus.  


They might look like mushrooms.  ( poor mushrooms are always in the dark BAHOOT NAAINSAAAFI  HAI ) . These are called pedunculated  fibroids. 




Most fibroids do not cause any symptoms, but some women with fibroids can have:-

Heavy bleeding (which can be heavy enough to cause anemia) or painful periods
Feeling of fullness in the pelvic area (lower stomach area)
Enlargement of the lower abdomen
Frequent urination
Pain during sex
Lower back pain
Complications during pregnancy and labor, including a six-time greater risk of cesarean section
Reproductive problems, such as infertility, which is very rare

Like I said, fibroids are almost always benign (not cancerous).

Most women with fibroids have normal pregnancies. The most common problems seen in women with fibroids are:--

Cesarean section. The risk of needing a c-section is six times greater for women with fibroids.
Baby is breech. The baby is not positioned well for vaginal delivery.
Labor fails to progress.
Placental abruption. The placenta breaks away from the wall of the uterus before delivery. When this happens, the fetus does not get enough oxygen.
Preterm delivery.

The doctor can feel the fibroid with her or his fingers during an ordinary pelvic exam, as a (usually painless) lump or mass on the uterus. Often, a doctor will describe how small or how large the fibroids.

You might  need surgery to know for sure if you have fibroids.

There are two types of surgery to do this:--

Laparoscopy  – The doctor inserts a long, thin scope into a tiny incision made in or near the navel. The scope has a bright light and a camera. This allows the doctor to view the uterus and other organs on a monitor during the procedure. Pictures also can be made.

Hysteroscopy – The doctor passes a long, thin scope with a light through the vagina and cervix into the uterus. No incision is needed. The doctor can look inside the uterus for fibroids and other problems, such as polyps. A camera also can be used with the scope.

Fibroids are the most common reason that hysterectomy is performed.

 Power morcellators break uterine fibroids into small pieces to remove them more easily.. This is a pea brained practice as uterine tissue may contain undiagnosed cancer. While breaking up the uterine tissue, power morcellators can spread an undiagnosed cancer to other parts of the body

The endometrium is the tissue lining the uterus (or womb). The endometrium is soft and spongy. Each month, the endometrium changes as part of the menstrual cycle.  

Early in the cycle, the ovaries secrete a hormone called estrogen that causes the endometrium to thicken. In the middle of the cycle, the ovaries start secreting another hormone called progesterone. Progesterone prepares the innermost layer of the endometrium to support an embryo should conception (pregnancy) occur. 

If conception does not occur, the hormone levels decrease dramatically. The innermost layer of the endometrium is then shed as menstrual fluid. This leads to the cyclical nature of the menstrual cycle.

The outer layer of the uterus is called the myometrium. The myometrium is thick and composed of strong muscles. These muscles contract during labor to push out the baby

Endometrial cancer occurs when cells of the endometrium undergo a transformation and begin to grow and multiply without the control mechanisms that normally limit their growth. As the cells grow and multiply, they form a mass called a tumor.  Cancer is dangerous because it overwhelms healthy cells by taking their space and the oxygen and nutrients they need to survive and function.

Women who are more than 25 kg over ideal weight have a 10-times greater risk of developing endometrial cancer than women of ideal weight. Body fat produces estrogen, and women with excess fat have a higher level of estrogen than women without excess fat. The higher level of estrogen may increase the risk of cancer.

Women who begin their periods before 12 years of age are at an increased risk. 60 years ago western girls had period at the age of 15.  Today at an average it is 12 due to emotional reasons-- this includes girls from Indian Chutney Mary families.  . Probably one day I will dedicate a full post on this  . Early puberty increases the number of years that the endometrium is exposed to estrogen.

Women who go through menopause after 52 years of age are at a higher risk of developing endometrial cancer than women who go through menopause earlier in life. Like early puberty, late menopause increases the number of years that the endometrium is exposed to estrogen.

The risk of developing endometrial cancer is increased by several times in women who take estrogen replacement therapy without added progesterone.

Women who use oral contraceptives at some time have half the risk of developing endometrial cancer as women who have never used oral contraceptives.


WARNING :    In women who have been through menopause, any vaginal bleeding is abnormal and should be evaluated by a doctor.   Probably your 54 year old mother belongs to this category

If cancer is suspected, a sample of the endometrium is obtained through a biopsy.  A biopsy is the removal of a very tiny piece of tissue from the body.  The tissue is examined under a microscope for abnormalities that suggest cancer.  

Usually, a gynecologist or a gynecologic oncologist performs the biopsy, and the endometrial tissue is examined by a pathologist (a doctor who specializes in diagnosing diseases in this way).  

The most widely used method for obtaining the endometrial tissue is to insert a thin tube into the endometrium through the cervix.  A biopsy is usually performed in the doctor's office and takes just a few minutes.  Often, the results of an endometrial biopsy give a definitive answer about cancer

If the results of the endometrial biopsy are not conclusive, a procedure called a dilation and curettage (D and C) may be performed . In a D&C, the doctor passes a thin instrument through the dilated cervix and scrapes tissue from the endometrium.  The tissue is removed and examined by a pathologist.  This procedure is usually performed as outpatient surgery and requires general anesthesia or sedation. Most women have minimal discomfort after this procedure and require a short recovery time.

Hysteroscopy ( see video ) : Sometimes, an endoscope is used to guide the endometrial biopsy or D and C. An endoscope is a thin tube with a tiny light and camera at the end.  The tube is inserted into the uterus through the cervix. The endoscope sends pictures of the endometrium back to a video monitor. A hysteroscopy allows the doctor to view the inside of the uterus while collecting endometrial tissue samples.

The most common cause of type I endometrial cancer is having too much of the hormone estrogen compared to the hormone progesterone in the body. This hormone imbalance causes the lining of the uterus to get thicker and thicker. If the lining builds up and stays that way, then cancer cells can start to grow.

Because the endometrium builds up between menstrual cycles and then sheds during menstruation, the endometrium is thickest just before menstruation and thinnest just after menstruation ends

The symptom most frequently associated with endometrial hyperplasia is heavy, extremely long, or continuous bleeding without large blood clots.    Large blood clots are typical of fibroids, but not with endometrial hyperplasia.

Estrogen and progesterone are hormones produced in the ovaries that balance each other.  An example of how they work together is in the regulation of menstruation.   

One of the functions of progesterone is to oppose estrogen, which causes the uterus to shed the endometrium during menstruation before a new cycle of proliferation, or building up, begins in preparation for the next menstruation.

Excess estrogen is stored in fatty tissue. Excess androgen is converted to estrogen, and then stored in fatty tissue. So another factor is weight. Endometrial hyperplasia is much more common in women who are significantly overweight.

An endocrine-disrupting diet, or the ingesting of endocrine-disrupting chemicals like bisphenol-A (BPA is present in many kinds of plastics), may also stimulate a production of excess estrogen that can lead to hyperplasia.

Like I said, the endometrium is thickest right before menstruation begins and thinnest right after it ends. So if an ultrasound is performed it should be completed within a day or two after menstruation stops-- when the thickness of the endometrium is usually between 4mm and 7mm.


The uterus and ovaries have many important lifelong functions. The most consistent problems women report after hysterectomy include a 15 kg average weight gain in the first year following the surgery, a loss of sexual feeling, a loss of vitality, joint pain, back pain, profound fatigue, and personality change ( Chutney Mary type behavior )

The endometrium, the tissue that lines the uterus, can become very thin after menopause because of lower estrogen levels. This may cause unexpected bleeding.

First understand how hormonal changes during a typical menstrual cycle affect your uterine lining.

Estrogen is made by the ovaries during the first part of your cycle. That leads to growth of the lining to prepare your body for pregnancy.

However, after an egg is released (ovulation), progesterone increases with the goal of supporting a fertilized egg.

But if pregnancy does not happen, levels of both hormones decline. That decrease in progesterone is what triggers your period, the shedding of the lining.

If you do not ovulate, progesterone is not made and the lining does not shed. So the lining may keep growing in response to the estrogen and, in time, the cells in the lining can become abnormal.


Young women, if you have a menstrual cycle shorter than 21 days, check with your doctor. Count from the first day of your period to the first day of your next one.

Endometrial hyperplasia can often be treated with progestin. This synthetic hormone is given either orally, topically as a vaginal cream, in an injection, or with an intrauterine device.


Below: Chutney Marys have PLAY PENS between their legs 




By the way, the cervix is the opening between the uterus and the vagina..


Below: Bharatiya Naaris have NURSERYs



END OF STORY !


Grace and peace !

avinayamapanaya vishno, damaya mana ,samaya vishaya mruga thrushnam,
bhootha dayaam vistharaya, tharaya samasara sagaratha ॥1॥

divya dhooni makarande parimala pari bhoga sachidanande,
sripathi padaaravinde bhava bhaya khedha chidhe vande ॥2॥

sathyapi bhedhapagame nadha thwaham na mamakeenasthwam,
saamudhro hi tharanga kwachana samudhro na tharanga ॥3॥

udhruthanaga nagabhidanuja dhanukalaa mithra mithra sasi drushte,
drushte bhavathi prabhavathi na bhavathi kim bhava thiraskara ॥4॥

mathsyadhi biravathaarai ravatharavatha avatha sadha vasudham,
parameshwara paripalyo bhavatha bhava thapa bheethoham ॥5॥

dhamodhara guna mandira sundara vadanara vinda govinda,
bhava jaladhi madhana mandhara paramam dharamapanaya thwam mey ॥6॥

narayana karunamaya saranam karavani thawakou charanou,

ithi shadpadhee madheeye vadhana saroje sada vasathu ॥7॥


CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
******************************************************************************
CP BROWN AND YOGI VEMANA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
CHARLES PHILLIP BROWN , THE TELUGU SUN




THIS IS A TEMPORARY POST - CANT PUT THIS IN A COMMENT BOX-IT WONT FIT.





Shivoham
April 6, 2015 at 3:38 PM

I WAS.. as you say,Past is like a s#!t in the septic tank.. i dont care about that now.. One persona has been removed.. I would like to decondition and remove everything which constitutes 'I'.. But the paradox is I still want to remain a Hindu..

and capt. please tell me one thing here itself,Dont we have the Indian DNA unlike the Chitpavan jews?

this will decide my sleep hereafter..

Delete
########################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 6, 2015 at 4:46 PM
hi s,

VEERA SHAIVA LINGAYATHS ARE 100 % INDIAN .

YOU WERE ANCIENT SHIVA WORSHIPPERS.

YOUR COMMUNITY WAS FOOLED BY ROTHSCHILD - INTO BURYING YOUR DEAD .

R TRIED THE SAME WITH SIKHS -- THE EARTHY SIKHS TOLD , FU#K OFF !!

REGARDING CP BROWN--  HE COLLECTED 2100 TELUGU VERSES OF YOGI VEMANA.

R MADE A GREAT DEAL OUT OF CP BROWNs TRANSLATION ( INJECTED WITH FOUL POISON ) - AND THE PEOPLE IN ENGLAND AND EUROPE CRIED WAH WAH !

AT NIGHT THEY ALL MUST HAVE HAD A TERRIFIC LAUGH OVER BRANDY AND CIGARS -- SEE THESE MONKEY INDIANS ARE SUCH CHOOTS.

JUST TO SHOW I AM NOT PULLING A FAST ONE-- IN ONE HOUR TIM,E I WILL PUT A TEMPORARY POST.

MY READER MUST BE THE JUDGE !

capt ajit vadakayil

..



##################################
Capt. Ajit VadakayilApril 6, 2015 at 9:55 AM
Sree Charan R
March 17, 2015 at 7:16 PM
Respected Captain,
Is C.P.Brown really lover of Telugu language? In my childhood I learnt that he is a "great" scholar,but some of the elder knowledgeable persons known to me, said that he is another "colonial idiot"(excuse me, for the foul language) and that he mistranslated many great Telugu/Sanskrit works deliberately?
Even today,few Universities in AP celebrate him?!
Thank You

ReplyDelete
Replies
########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
March 17, 2015 at 8:03 PM
hi scr,

like the DASA--

rothschild created back dated BASAVA PURANA - using CP Brown .

today we have a community named veerashaiva lingayath who BURIES their dead bodies and hence are NOT hindus--

zionists make sure even today this community produces TOP politicians.

Mahatma Gandhi spoke thus at the Belgaum session of the Indian National Congress in 1924:

“ It has not been possible for me to practise all the precepts of Basaveswara which he taught 800 years ago and which he also practiced… Eradication of untouchability and dignity of labour were among his core precepts. One does not find even shades of casteism in him. Had he lived during our times, he would have been a saint worthy of worship.

The Honourable Speaker of the British Parliament said, "It's amazing and extraordinary that Basaveshwara professed, campaigned and advocated genuine democracy, human rights, gender equality way back in the 11th century even before anyone in United Kingdom had even thought about it".-Speaker of The British Parliament Rt Hon John Bercow on Basaveshwara, 21 January 2013 in the Westminister hall following a thanksgiving occasion organised by The Lambeth Basaveshwara Foundation.

The Times of India in its issue dated 17 May 1918 paid a glowing tribute to Basava:

“ It was the distinctive feature of his mission that while illustrious religious and social reformers in India before him had each laid his emphasis on one or other items of religion and social reform, either subordinating more or less other items to it or ignoring them altogether, Basava sketched and boldly tried to work out a large and comprehensive programme of social reform with the elevation and independence of womanhood as its guiding point. Neither social conferences which are usually held in these days in several parts of India, nor Indian social reformers, can improve upon that programme as to the essentials. The present day social reformer in India is but speaking the language and seeking to enforce the mind of Basava.

LISTEN WE NEVER HAD ALL THESE SOCIAL ILLS , TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA WITH HIS DIVIDE AND RULE AGENDA .

i dont care to talk about CP Brown.

if i continue further--

the TELUGU PEOPLE will PUKE.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete
###############################
Spaniard
April 6, 2015 at 8:33 AM
Pls Capt... Truth will come out one day or the other.. Pls exhume the Truth...earlier we know the truth better our perception will be.. God Bless you will Many more years ...U are a true patriot ...
Thanks,
Ravi

Delete
CONTINUED TO 2-

ReplyDelete
Replies

Capt. Ajit VadakayilApril 6, 2015 at 9:57 AM
CONTINUED FROM 1

################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 6, 2015 at 9:51 AM
hi s,

YOU WANT THE TELUGU PEOPLE AND THE VEERASHAIVA LINGAYATH PEOPLE TO PUKE ?

CP BROWN WAS A ROTHSCHILD AGENT-- COLLECTOR OF CUDAPPAH..

HIS FATHER REV DAVID BROWN WAS IMPORTED TO CALCUTTA BY ROTHSCHILD - HE , CAREY AND RAJA RAM MOHAN ROY WORSKED AS A TEAM TO TRANSLATE THE BIBLE INTO BENGALI .

SON CHARLES PHILLIP BROWN IS THE REASON WHY LINGAYATH DO NOT CREMATE THE DEAD-THEY BURY THEIR DEAD-- AND HENCE ARE NOT HINDUS ..

HE MADE COCK AND BULL HISTORY THAT THIS SECT ARE JEWS FROM SYRIA.

THEY ARE THE CHITPAVAN JEWS EQUIVALENT - IN ANDHRA AND KARNATAKA -

CP BROWN WENT AROUND IN A VERY DEVIOUS WAY TRANSLATING VEMANA , BASAVA PURANA ( FAKE ) --

-- IN AS MUCH AS TELUGU SCHOOL BOOKS HOLD THE COOKED UP VEMANA VERSES.

OH GAARU- OR PAARU --WHATEVER --

Changing your appearance, language and wearing saffron (renunciate) clothes
Do not lead to mukti (liberation),

Shaving of head (of a renunciate, widow etc) does not shave (unwanted) thoughts
Beloved of the Bounteous, Vema, listen!

LOW HOW THE CHITPAVAN JEWS WERE GIVEN THE CREAM IN MAHARASHTRA -- THE LINGAYATHS WERE GIVEN THE CREAM IN KARNATAKA/ ANDHRA . MOST OF THEM WERE TRAITORS TO BHARATMATA .

I ASK -- ARE THE VEERA SHAIVA LINGAYATH READY FOR THE TRUTH, LIKE THE CHITPAVAN BRAHMINS ? OR ARE THEY HAPPY WITH ROTHSCHILDs IMMORAL LIES ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete

ShivohamApril 6, 2015 at 11:08 AM
Hi capt,

Go ahead! if you could dedicate a post on how the original shaivites were misled to Lingayatism.. I can and will help you..I have been trying to contact many mutts but my busy schedule is preventing me.. (This is from the day you have posted on burial) .. If i ever get a chance i will make sure that every word of yours will reach them.. I dont know how they will react.. i will defintely try.. I believe that just a word from the recognized 3 saints in TV would change everything.. but will they? Why would they say anything against them,which they followed from decades.. Still i dont care.. But..But.. They would certainly ask for a Proof.. Which yours truly dont have.. If you could provide me.. I will definitely shove them down their throats.. I cant promise you the result but the TRY i can promise..

Delete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilApril 6, 2015 at 2:11 PM
hi s,

are you a veera shaiva lingayath?

rothschild cooked up FAKE MESSIAH ( like Jesus )-- came from calicut - my hometown -

the people were told to expect a white skinned , blue eyed , long haired bearded blonde man -- and that is what they got German Jew - to the FAKE R created mutt at kodekal - Gulbarga dist. .

german BASEL MISSION started the calicut factory where my father and mother worked.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/hermann-gundert-hermann-hesse-and.html

the kodekal mutt was made on top of a STONE TABLET dropped from heaven !!

the last time R created such dropped from heaven GOLD PLATES --was for creating mormonism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/mormons-bankrolled-by-rothschild-capt.html

I WILL PUT A BRIEF ACCOUNT ( 10% - that is enough ) ABOUT BASAVA ( INCARNATION OF NANDI THE BULL) / AND CHEAT CP BROWN IN MY NEXT PORT -- LAWRENCE OF ARABIA --

if you think the christians and hindus got screwed by JEWS -- wait till you hear what R did to Muslims .

i was only 7 years old when i saw david lean's hollywood movie LAWRENCE OF ARABIA -- jamaa nahi -- even at that young age.

peter o toole who acted at lawrence was more than one FOOT taller than the tiny real guy.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/nandi-bull-vahana-and-gatekeeper-of.html

BULL NANDI HAD NO INCARNATIONS --SORRY--

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete





Yogi Vemana -- Excerpts from C.P. Brown's manuscripts

QUOTE :  Vemana was evidently, in philosophy, of the Vedanta school, a disciple of VYASA, whom Sir William Jones has (in the Asiatic Researches, Vol. I) entitled the Plato of India. With the mystic tents of Plato, those of Vemana closely correspond while his moral doctrines as closely answer to those of DEMOCRITUS.
Most of the verses in Vemana are written in Ataveladi metre which consists of 4 lines, but the 4th line, with some exceptions, is a mere refrain or chorus in these words - viSvadaaBiraama vinura vEma.
The number, however, that I have succeeded in collecting is 2100.:- UNQUOTE



Kumaragiri Vema Reddy, popularly known as POET Vemana was the third and youngest son of Gaddam Vema, then the king of Kondaveedu in present-day Andhra Pradesh.
C.P. Brown, known for his research on Vemana, estimates the year of birth to be the year 1652 AD based on some of his verses.

Fourth line if a verse is always Beloved of the Bounteous, Vema, listen!     Viswadhaabhi Raama, Vinura Vema

Vemana’s poems in Telugu are in Aata Veladhi metre which consists of four lines.

WAH WAH WAH  PRAISE FROM THE WHITE MEDIA :  

So high was the regard for Vemana that a popular Telugu saying goes --
"Vemana’s word is the word of the Vedas".

Vemana’s poems were collected and published by C.P.Brown in the 19th century. C.P. Brown translated most of Vemana’s poems into English, during the British occupation of India.  A large selection of his poems are a part of the present High School curriculum of Telugu in Andhra Pradesh.
 In his honor, The Andhra Pradesh government named a University in Kadapa the Yogi Vemana University in 2006. There is a headstone marking the grave of Yogi Vemana in Kataru Palli, a village in Kadiri Taluk, Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh.

It is believed widely that Vemana died in this village. Being a Yogi, he was buried and not cremated.

WHAT IS ALL THIS ?

I WILL POST JUST A FEW VERSES - UNLESS YOU WANNA PUKE !

 



95

The Puranas of acts are a great deep. In those acts never shall we see Siva; surely none is able to declare Siva, the destroyer of acts. Acts are vile, and vile.

p. 58

196

Vishnu, Brahma, the demigods, the munis and all the rest were nobly born and then lost their state of happiness, regularly proceeded through the state of decrepitude and death. This was through the savour of delusion.

197

They who perpetually enquire which among three Gods is the chief (or root) cannot, being fools, know the chief--surely there is a higher root of the three.

198

There are men who being unable first to perceive which is the noblest of the three, go into destruction. There is one original substance of which the three are formed.

199
200

p. 57

Every thing is called the act of deity. But there is a deity superior to this god. That god slew Vishnu and he destroyed the appearance of Siva (abhava) Surely this is the great God indeed if thou consider it well.
205

Slay Brahma, and mingle him with Vishnu. Slay Vishnu and resolve him into Siva. Slay Siva and become thyself the Siva yogee (or chief spirit).
210

Of what use is that Saiva faith that knows not the path through this universe compounded of inanimate and animate bodies and lingams, They shall not know the becoming (or the act of transformation into) Hara the eight bodied.
215

He who hath reduced Brahma, Vishnu and Siva in one shall become a parama yogee and the divinity. How can we comprehend one who thus is equal to the divinity.
217

The lingam is the great Siva; the life of the body if that creature be purified he shall attain God. Were there two paths how could the deity be attained?
221

If thou gain the favour of Siva and thereby destroy the first principle (agnyana) of thy tree (body) and cast it (ignorance) as its root (maya) and thus worship Siva, thou shalt be as a mountain and how should death befall thee?
228

The words of Vemana, if soundly understood, are surely the essence of all the Vedas. If thou do not invite and comprehend thy greatness in the five-lettered name shalt thou enjoy prosperity?
289

p. 78

If you twitch off a head of Brahma, they call it murdering Brahma. Brahma is a Vysya (a man of the third class), is he a Brahmin? If Brahma had even died would Siva become a Brahmin slayer. (This is an allusion to the base of the lingam representing Brahma).

290

Siva assumed the shape of the sharabha and slew Narasimha; which (masculine, yēdi) God is greater than Siva? Where is there one more worthy to be looked to?
291

Seeing that Vishnu abhorred not himself to be born in ten incarnations, to grow in them as to delight in them; if then thou do away the lustre of the noble married state shall thou hereby become one of the excellent.

292

Agajata (Paravati) causes him (Siva) who gave her half his body (see the mythology) to be slain (i.e., her worship as shacti, supersedes his)? If he cannot revenge this cruel is he man and not a woman?

326

What did Parasurama gain by slaying his mother at his father's advice? Was he not deprived of all shadows of refuge to stand by him and driven to malayadri?
331

He that eats dogs (quells his passions) is the (linga) Janga Teacher. He that eats hog (quells his bodily lusts) is the Parama yogee. He that eats the elephant, how wise must he be!

360

Among men who are born in the belly that contains urines by the churning which is the lowest and who can be marked as the eminent?

361

The leaf of which cupid has delighted to eat the golden lace that vishnu born from the lotus navel wears round his chest (Lakshmi), the little locket (box) which men ever delight to open and gaze into the hillock that is ever lovingly hidden, the cup from which Brahma daily drinks with thirst, the crystal vase that princes delight to light up, the fair diadem of Siva who seeks alms with a dish under his arm, the box of love powder with which even saints are charmed (or for which they long), it makes the mightiest sing and talk and dance like the fool and sports with them. Can there be any greater assembly of mischievous charms? (a beautiful and easy song)

363

Born by copulation and growing up thereby, he lives in coition (lit. becomes it). If thou canst lay aside the practice of this thou shalt attain the pair (Siva & Shacti).
66

When breasts are budding she is worth three millions; when her breasts are swelled, one million; when her breasts are flabby, she is not worth a farthing,

367

Woman is the mortar in which men pound to wear it out. But they weary themselves and begin to fall over her thighs throughout the world.

368

Him who loses his langoti, they deride as a monkey, drew him mad and hoot him off. Yet will not you loose your langoti in the very presence of your wife?
370

The forehead .of him whose fate is there written, is but small. The inscription in the forehead of the forehead eyed Siva and the common destinies of men are all easily erased by rubbing the forehead.
374

In urine are all bodies born. What matters your caste, and what is your intrinsic nature? He that ceases from envy and knoweth the abode where truth is placed, this is the noblest of men.

375

The hill over the womb and the slit in its centre are the long and short foot. Thus they seem mighty bands; enjoy sweet coition and be happy.
77

If one's wife comes and consents and another's husband comes and shove it in. O how it hurts, cries the lady with her mouth; but he replies it is home (it holds).

378

The pest of the anus is known to the whole race; it cannot be loosed; the pest of the tongue is life (i.e., food causes life). The whole world is subject to these inconveniences of the tongue and anus.

379

When we behold the body of a woman we are agitated; but cannot perceive the nastiness in her belly. To what end is this body that lives in defilement.

380

Your wife was born from the (urine) of her mother and father and the son is produced from the (urine) of the wife and

p. 99

husband and yet what delight (a pun with) they feel in this (urine) life.

381

The smell of lust in a woman's body causes an emetic; let us not enter that leaky hovel. Surely there is little pleasure in joining thyself with thy wife.
382

Look on woman--when the period of life arrives she is menstruous; from time to time the menses regularly occur. Then what is the name of the woman and what has it to do with time.
884

Caste is a pariarism, a wife is a parcel of mala mutra ( shit/ piss ). Can love be produced in the body towards such a wife? The mind through spiritual knowledge becomes a form of God.
386

Foul defied cry they, ignorant of the source of that impurity. Defiled doth she retire to a corner. If she bathe in water the fourth day, do that impurity depart? Never shall it leave her.

387

Does not impurity flow from the nine orifices of the male? Do not they perceive it? How can a woman be so defiled as to be aside from men--surely all bodies are one.

388

There is no sweetness in the foulness of the loins. Yet there is some good in the secret parts. Will the defilement of impurity leave us merely by bathing?
395

One man chews and spits her out not caring for her. When he leaves her then a poor paramour wishes for his chewings; will not dogs lick the platter made of leaves which you eat of and throw away.

396

Though a fine wife's breasts be lovely let us think through the force of sin, on her breasts before now we have ourselves sucked comely breasts; let us not now think on breasts.
399

The shame veiled in a word hides in the mind. The shame that is concealed by a petticoat is unfit to mention. But open shames are our seminal connections. Our shame is less as the cause is greater.

405

The Vaishnavites are saws in the assembly of kings (causing dissension). These are the chief gamblers of gamblers. They know not counsel but are swift in their eagerness for wealth.

407

Why should a pearled tire (papita) be given to shaven widow instead of to a wife possessed of all charms? Why should a lame horse have a tasselled saddle.
409

Taking fire in their hands yet scoffiing at God, the Brahmins have become debased; wandering in many diverse paths, all the Brahmins are ruined.

410

The leaf platters of Brahmins are the share of dogs of the street and the platters of pariahs alone are honoured. The platters thus honoured become the share of Brahmins.

411

A Brahmin will eat bone-food in which pounded skeleton is mingled. A married woman becomes a pēratālu. These give up their caste and character through excess of avarice.

412

What sort of caste is theirs who swallow the bearings of those demon--gods that devour palmwine and flesh. Thou with faith worship Siva they fail of becoming happiness.

413

Thou in the great destruction (the pralaya) all men were destroyed by the servants (pramatha) of Siva, yet have the Brahmins become enable to comprehend this.

p. 107

414

The Vishnava sect is mere talk. There are no others more fallen than these wretches. Shall beatitude be attained by any sinner? (lit. by all hard men).

415

By birth a soodra--how can he become perfect (the best of the good)? The soodra state to a woman in every respect--his mother being a soodra how is he a Brahmin?

416

Whose son in this world is Brahma? If thou enquire whose son is Vishnu; if thou plainly enquire whose son is Siva? Men are ignorant of shame who dare call these persons gods.

417

The mother of the (setti) washerman caste washes menstrous garments, their father, great as he carries about grain. What is the pomp of these sons of asses?

418

Rambha, the celestial dancer seized the Somayaji (scorned him) and disgraced him, she covets with the somayaji, casting him down. Thus was it that this fellow gained the fruit of his sacrifices.

p. 107

419

A man may get the title of dasari if merely has the fancy. He may be called jangam if he will give up a regular life. But he cannot be called Brahmin by any means.
423

First by plunging in water Brahmin loses sight; by roaming he gains nothing but giddiness, by howling out the Vedas he turns into a dog.
424

If we take no food, the fire within the belly feeds on its own impurity. Then how shall he become pure who fasts and thus devours foulness.
425

One may wear a longoti, and wish to have himself a mini but cannot cease from the cupidity of his heart; the semblance indeed is one way and the heart otherwise.
427

Like when a frog when beholdeth a snake that snake swalloweth the frog with great eagerness. Thus is the soul absorbed in worldly pursuits--who can extricate the frog? Vemana knoweth how to free it--are thou involved in worldly pursuits? This book shall release thee.

428

p. 109

The verses of Vemana well considered admit of a thousand interpretations. If thou think on these, this shall produce refined wisdom in thee.

429

Let us look upon the fair assemblage of eighty four lakhs of animals as clearly the sons of Brahma; if thou attain wisdom thou hast the divinity.
434

As long as the body lasts we must alternately sink and rise in contemplation regarding the shacti or creative power. When her protection leaves us we begin to wish for it not before.

435

Casting out from the ship the seven dhatus, five pranas, six passions, eight (5 bhootas and 3 gunas) and one delusion, the king mounts the vessel and goes about. This is tatwa.
441

Between the Ganga and the Yamuna (i.e., the two nostrils) there is a maid (spine) like a golden image, If thou unite thyself to her in love (i.e., meditation) without fail hereby shalt thou attain beatitude.
442
p. 112
Few millions of goats died; only did one monkey mount on a leaf when ten millions of those monkeys died, a fox cried co, co--This riddle signifies.
Aja      a goat  Aja like wise means Brahma
Hari     a monkey,        Hari also means Vishnu
Siva     a fox,   Siva is Shiva who ultimately survives triumpth.

448

When acquainted with the path of great construction of the body (acunchana) if at any time thou disregard the moola bandhana all the old men in the world shall become youths. (This mystic fooling signifies that what is apparently the meanest is of the first consequence)

450

Maya is not in fact the daughter in-law. She is the wife of all men in the world. Behold, she is gold, but such as cannot be plundered (nonsense, useful for words).

451

Brahma became a horse Siva (Bhava) became the saddle; Adi Vishnu became the stirrup. He that mounts on this stud is either female or male. I know not which.
452

The men subject to passions, on one side serpents (passions--indriya), crows on one side, the nine large tomcats (animal senses) on one side; the nine large paths, being restrained, the light (the soul) departed to the external, the tiger (ignorance), the fox (delusion) rose up and gazed; the dog (mind) perished--the men of the woods (apes) cried out, the soul has become Him, Him.
454

The spirit that is named without equal, having slain the being that formerly bore his name, and again caused him to return into life, Vemana can render his image (or brother) stable for ever.
456

In the earth a frog (the mind) seized five serpents (passions) and suddenly swallowed them. What is this? Two

p. 116

men of the woods (apes i.e., wisdom and ignorance) came and by themselves of themselves swallowed their young (their acts i.e., annihilated them), to a fox (delusion) in the Iron age cāmadhenu was born. In what way was this? Possessing intellect there was an infant that chewed; what was this marvel (wisdom absorbing ignorance). In seven modes of existence, (mahattu, ahankara, shabda, sparsha, roopa, rasa, gandham) mercilessly was might (delusion) produced and agitated men. What is this? The all knowing sages that have declared this, listen to them O Vema.
457

What is the mystery of a fly that screamed out and swallowed a bed? How was a mace produced in jasmine blossoms? Amazing, on a (marri)neem tree (ignorance) plantain fruits (wisdom) were produced; how was this? What is that dancing that the flower bodied woman knows. How did the five coloured parrots have power to swallow five mountains. Thus have the wise of old taught, listen O Vema.
58

p. 117

He who comprehends the preceding three verses and can explain them truly he shall see Siva. What is there unknown to thee?
465

A girl is smart powder; but divinity is grain flour. The future state, in its excellence is fine calama flour. Can sages know the excellence of such flour.
468

Quitting the bonds of the body he cannot go forth. Sargnee (Vishnu) walketh with delusion as, with his wife. If he, so mighty, is thus ensnared, what power had men to release themselves?
473

He who eats lime (of stone or shells) possesses the philosopher's stone, chunam that exceeds in the touch of gold, is better to Brahma and the rest.

474

Lime is the best of all matters. Lime displays the present world in the earth and it also shows us heaven.

475

He who eats lime will be delivered from the ties of relationship which shall all be calcined; can it remain permanent? (lit. in the path) To Vishnu, Siva and Brahma never have any power over lime.

476

By eating it have the demigods and munees attained immortality. But they who see and scorn it derive then beauty from it. When men eat it they become demigods.

p. 121
478

If a horse eat lime, it will grow great. How should it hereby attain and nourish the truth of desire. If a horse eat lime it shall become wise.

479

What is the purport of this world? Horse is the victorious steed. The horse is the highest of blessings. Horse signifies a pure substance.

480

There are seven living beings. The eighth (maya) is not living--all the mighty are in anxiety. If thou look into thy thought all words vary. (raving foolery).

481

If after mounting this creature, the horse, he cannot manage him, the tatwa yogee is in trouble. Let him mount the elephant of knowledge.
484

Maya, the wife laughing, the husband is weeping (the soul), the wife delights in adultery. That adultery pervades all nature.

485

A wife (maya) who hath no figure loves her husband, a man void of vanity is a stabbing hero, a man who is diseased becomes a soldier of God.
504

Food puts an end to difficulties; food alone is the dwelling of life, beyond all other things. Are there any in this earth who desire not food (instance of comparative?) If there be any, they must be none but Siva (Ugrudu).
519

Harischandra drawing near in truth, in former time, established himself in eternal fame. Truth is the chief grace of kings.
521

They mention not their own conduct but say Dharmudu (yama) is vainly given to anger. They listen not to a word in due season; but talk and chatter ultimately they shall fall into his burnings.
525

With this vile mouth defiled with spittle let us not read the shastras or Veda. Consider are they not thereby defiled.
546

Our own kin (passions) are foes to us and our own virtues are our nearest relations. He who knows his own thought and that of his foe; this man is assured by Siva. (that is who thoroughly knows the good and evil propensities of his nature).
550

Manifest in the world was Guntupally Muttadu gifted with noble virtues. By means of bestowing food and through worship of God, was he absorbed in the Deity.
553

The sinner that interferes with the charities established by himself or others, he shall for many years be repeatedly born in the earth as a worm and suffer misery,

554

Say not he is there or here. Vishnu dwells through all places shining in splendour. Behind him does the serpent follow the course of his chacra.

555

He has given some creatures feathers as a covering, tails to others, clothes to some, and leaves to others. Thus has God provided for all,
561

p. 140

If thou eat a powdered bar of steel in medicine. it will make thee pure; if thou eat a bar of steel, disease will be removed. A bar of steel is thus superior to the tree of desire.
570

The wife that answers again to her husband is a bitch. The husband who persists in being coupled with her, these are like a pair of swine that tumble together into the mud,
577

Woman is like a box containing a young serpent; if thou put anything in this box and after closing it, thou try to pull it again she springs out as a great serpent.
586

Vemana is like to a man without food, void of anger, in every place at every (word i.e.,) moment, also in the form of verse has he spoken decidedly and so that it might be understood by all, in the earth he assumed the form of Siva, who is there who, time after time, is equal to Vemana?
598

p. 146

God causes us to possess the skill of composing verse. With apt skill and correctness, Vemana having duly performed (sandhya) draughts, (nishtha) meditation, (homa) oblation, and offering of water (tarpana) to the manes has had the happiness to compose it.
12

All the excommunication of a Brahmin departs by the (amrita) products of the cow (panchagavyam). The faults of a servant are removed only by punishment. The impurity (menstrual) of the Lingayath is all removed by mere smearing with ashes.
629

They say that the crow is the most degraded of birds. At the time of marriages they will not let the crow approach. Then why do you place food before it and salute it?
638

When snakes are performing coition, you may catch them cleverly (unrivalled) and in a wonderful manner. But you cannot get the obstinate together and seize them with a prepared heart.
648

p. 160

The woman who holds her husband's words as the chief good and who loves her lord with affection shall by burning her body fully inherit heaven.
649

Those senseless corpses who give alms to the re-born who have separated themselves from dung and urine, these shall be produced again weeping and in sin nor released from transmigration.
650

He who after having been imprisoned in the ties of oxen, wealth, women and sons, is the agent in releasing himself, there from, can his glory on his virtue be comprehended even by (Sridhara) Vishnu?
651

These sinful men who having it in their power to give up the restraints of their children, women, cattle will not yet cast off these ties, these are void of shame and of manhood
652

p. 161

The whole race of man is in possession of twelve fruits. (that is, men receive in the next birth twelve percent on the sums they bestow in alms). But whatever they bestow on Brahmins shall return to them with thirty six percent.
681

If you powder nitre and tulasi (buds) together, amalgamate then upon gold; mix the milk of the dushta plant and mingle these upon a plate of copper which will thus become gold.

682

If thou pour milk in and boil it the tin will shine. If thou observe the proper moment and take it off the fire, it will turn to silver. This is no lie but the truth, Iswara.
709

He will bestow on the vile and the jesters; he will give it for a pariar (dalit ), skin, the son of a pariar; or to the drab of a fair, he bestows not on the excellent.
711

p. 174

They talk as if life were eternal and pride themselves greatly, the fools. All beings are as sheep bound for sacrifice before Yama.
716

If life have passed away for even half an hour, hath even Brahma himself power to vivify him? Hath Brahma then power either to slay or cause to live?
721

The verses of Vemana may be interpreted in a thousand ways if thou closely consider them. By reading and again reading then thou shalt attain curious wisdom.
722

All those excellent ones who have read with sound sense a verse uttered by Vemana, these shall be exalted to dwell on the head of Siva (Somu); let then with thorough consent study them with wisdom.
754

Women perform (pettu) sraddha (funeral rites) to women; what witness is there in women to do this. Then performing (iduta) it to women, better it performed to stones!
757

To the funeral feasts of widows, why instead of inviting widows, why do they invite Brahmins; to the funeral of a married woman ye invite married wives.
788

What does the dog know of the linga priests, God? What does the fox know of one meal a day and fasting? What does the obstinate fool know of the path of beatitude.
813

You put Siva, source of the Ganges, in the palm of your hand; and yet roam to the holy streams. This is like possessing butter and yet searching for melted butter.
814

Why go to Mecca? Why return thence? Is not the only lord here with us? Allah Mohammad universally exists in his fullness. (spreads undivided, animates unspurt)

815

The fool binds a linga to his throat, and this also being insufficient he climbs the mountain to visit the linga shine there at. Such a one can see beatitude?
820

By going a pilgrimage to Banares, and bathing on the Ganges ye indeed suffer hardship but shall never attain heaven. No more than a buffalo calf can resemble a cow by merely following about it.
821

If a fellow has gone to Banares what shall we say he has done? What if there had been something to cause his death and he had died on the road, his mind truly might still go to Kasi, but never can attain the better world.

822

p. 200

If he who go to Kasi with great enthusiasm when by the wisdom of God they change their bodies, in transmigration he gives half his merits to his wife, and has only half to himself.

823

They who go to Kasi, get trouble and nothing else; why should ye roam merely to get an itching in your feet. Will not women also for hire get water and bear it about for hire?

824

A dog that has gone to Tirupati does not become a lion. A pig that goes to Kasi is no elephant. A whore that goes to the Sri Shylam is no modest woman.
826

He who calls himself a yogee, and gets together some of the components of yogeeism, and kills those who are in the world--that yogi who roams and robs men is no yogi but a (Ogu) vile wretch.

p. 201

827

He who holds himself (a Paramahamsa) a perfect ascetic, by rarely wearing a dress and longs for the wealth of others 's no ascetic but (Parahimsa) death itself.

828

Postures and the like, bathings in the worship, pilgrimage to Kasi or a system of good works unless thou stay thy mind however many such paths thou walk, know that they shall avail you nothing.

829

They will journey on pilgrimages to Kasi and the bridge of Rameswaram. They can hereby behold piles of stones but not heaven, not even one of them.
832

Plunging, plunging and plunging in holy streams, squatting and squatting in meditation, talking and talking, charms becoming leaner and leaner, roaming, roaming, roaming and roaming from sanctuary to sanctuary--ye turn giddy and are ruined.

832

The impurities in the belly being the vilest of all, is the juice of food worse than that? Those therefore who fast, are fools unable to form comparisons.

834

He ignorant of the being that dwelleth in the body, wanders in other pilgrimages is a fool. Does not a jackass thus roam bearing a pack saddle.
835

p. 203

That world hater (or recluse) who is attached only to using the words of stubbornness, no-where shall he attain the power of quelling death (yama). The recluse of the iron age is vile as the drinker of palm wine.

836

With their matted locks a fathom long, and their smearings of ashes, they forsooth are able to dispute the day with cupid himself and after all their very garments become the property (petticoats) of whores.
839

If you see among harmless cattle, one handsome ox with horns, it is indeed superior. But is wisdom attained by the mere shaven baldness of the sanyasi? (who only resemble helpless widows in this fancy)
842

While all the precepts declare Siva to be the divinity, they seek and worship other deities; surely Bramins are in the path of destruction.
844

p. 205

Woe to the world that is full of the destruction of souls. But first the woe to the Brahma! View all the Gods! Woe to them all.
845

They call Brahma the author of the writing of fate in our foreheads. Perhaps Brahma, who dwelleth in the lotus (wrote) destined that his own head should cleave to the hand of (Bhava) Siva! (Siva smote Brahma on one head which was separated and cleave to his hand.)

846

Those who believed in Siva have all become the share of the earth. Why then these disputes and discrimination of Gods. All the faithful to Vishnu have fallen to the shares of white ashes.
849

The skill of the laundress (who recognised the owner of each vest) is more than that of the bookworm. Better is a dog than Ganesha the dumpy king; noble is truth than all the Gods in the world.
850

If we know ourselves, the Veda would be all fooling to us; a mizzling rain is all folly to the store of grain; publish thou in the world O Vema that the six sastras, and the Puranas are mere infelicity.

851

All those of the race of Brahma are fallen creatures. Those of the race of Rishies are ruined. Will they call near them these hateful wretches nor detest them.
853

p. 207

In the thousand verses thus composed by Vemadu, many as are the bad, equally numerous are the good. Secrecy gives a charm to beauty and obscurity to wisdom; should not a lovely girl lie exposed naked on the couch.

854

Like mad foxes do the Bramins read the Veda perpetually howling it out. They know not its meanings. But Vemana knows the entire essence of the Vedas.

855

All yagnas were invented for the sake of discovering the fornications of a wife and the periodical ceremonies to the end of knowing a mother's adulteries In so vile a way was the chapter of ceremonies invented.
856

The height of excellence is to abstain from slaying. Thus say the Bramins, lords of earth and still commit slaughter of animals in sacrifice. Better is the chandala who devours dead cattle.

857

p. 208

They pinch and scrub their halters (nose ropes) and rub themselves to remove all dirt, and pour water into their privities. By thus cleansing the whole body do they attain felicity.
858

Pauper Bramins meet together and recite babbling charms and talk saying they will perform the initiation of a boy into their caste. Like the crow that has drunk the washing of rice and goes on crowing.

859

Why take thy caste and pride thyself on it? Yea and what is the (twice born) Brahmin?

860

If ignorant of service how can they become slaves? Ignorant of the Vaishnava belief how can ye be Vaishnavite? While living, why do ye suffer burning like corpses? (i.e., smear yourselves with ashes)

861

If the pollutions caused by a birth or a death be real, and if the qualities communicated by that touch be destroyed to what end is it for a soul to become a hermit.
864

The noble Brahmin goes to eat the vile funeral cakes of the ruined wretch. The Brahmin's wife haunts the marriage house; first they lose caste and then character.

865

In the night of ignorance doth the goddess of delusion wear her petticoat and conceal herself; in the daytime of wisdom, when about her work she looses her petticoat; this is no prostitute but an edged sword in the hand.

866

They are puffed up and cry I will perform a sacrifice, these who fill their bellies with the liquor vulva, these sons of whore brag nobly in their assemblies.

p. 210

867

He calls men sudras and says begone thou sudra; this is a pariar worse than a pariar. If he says I am a twice born does he thereby become one?

868

Born and dying in ignorance of his prior state before all men, are they ensnared by their lusts? To what end do they leave wisdom and roam the earth.

869

These heroes--the Brahmins, Kshatrias and Vaisyas and Brahma, Vishnu and Siva all these are beasts. Ignorant of the divinity have they adopted forms thus diversified,
871

p. 211

Those who abuse the practice of wearing ashes on the forehead, that is, the Vaishnavites yet perform their funerals with fire and thus become the portion of the fire. They the Saivites who equally abuse the wearing of earth, by burying their dead become earth.

Thus the advantage of all their mutual abuse discovers itself in their shame,

872

However great the spell be, not even Brahma can utter it undefiled with spittle. But with what mouth is it they talk of spittle and defilement thereby.

873

While the fire in our body is ignited and burns, to what end do (the Vaishnavites) burn their corpses. By merely burning does he become mighty?

874

To put cord over the neck as the Lingamites and then to suppose that their soodra-ism has departed, this is mere (inferior sense) folly; if thy mind be not settled, will a cord give thee caste?

875

p. 212

Wearing a silk vest and putting the Vaishnavite streak on their forehead, the Vaishnava sect has exalted its head in the earth. By the contrivance of numberless fopperies has the Vishnava sect been ruined.
876

If thou eat the body of a beast that eats pure grass they call you a pariar. Yet if he eat fowls and pigs (which are the foulest of feeders) a man is called wise.

877

If you go seasonably to the abode of Ranga (in the Cauveri) you will find the charming smell of toddy. Truly this is scorn of the lord of the world. (The Vaishnavites drink toddy while worshipping.)

878

In the house of the body a wild fire blazes with hunger; why should you burn your bodies? This is mere deception or perhaps this is punishment inflicted on the Dasoos.
79

They find fault with the well used by the village and are delighted with the water in which a holy man's feet have been washed. What profit is there in foot washings?
881

A parcel of old whores (windows) join together in this age and through devotion to Siva forsooth go on dancing. Shall such hypocrisy obtain them felicity.
886

Binding the linga fairly on their body, but unable to fix his faith on that lingam, failing of beatitude, they perish in their folly.

887

All those who trust in Vishnu fall to the share of white earth; to what end are these disputes and sects (dissensions) in religion. The Lingadharies become the portion of earth,

888

When he proceeds from his mother's womb, had he a lingam along with him? Then what a joke it is for him to wear one afterwards.
889

The Vaishnava sect puts on a silk turban and silk vest, and is puffed up in the earth. These are mere semblances and the emptiness of the Vaishnava creed,

890

Unable to know the great secret, they continue and frame religions, and merely give sorrow to each other, like as a dog that is agitated at the sight of a mirror,
892

A pariar eats flesh, all other people eat fat--are not they one caste? They do not see that all castes are in fact one.
894

When people see those who wear ashes they imagine that they contract inequity from them. When they see the Namadharies (Vaishnavities) they consider it healing. What are the ashes, and what the white clay (of the Vaishnavites) in the eyes of the supreme.
896

By slaughtering the animals that eat grass men become pariars in the earth. But what sort of caste is that, that eats pigs and fowls (as the respectable classes do) that devour the dung of all?

897

If men in the earth choose to take pipe clay and soften it well, then put it smoothly on their foreheads it is merely a mark, and thereby men cannot become Vaishnavites.

898

p. 217

Though thou put on the mark and call thyself a (servant) adiya as the Vaishnavites do and eat chewed pawn, bow down and call thyself a Dasee--This is all merely a means of subsistence but no ground for happiness.
903

What is the use of wearing an empty lingam and painting your body with ashes; If you consider it closely--if you wash yourself and wear a lingam, will it fill your belly in any way?

904

After bathing, fasting, preparing food and desiring the god to eat it, they smite him on the face and devour it themselves.
905

Men imagine stones to be Siva, and magnify them. Stones are stones and not Siva. Why is it that we cannot discern Siva who dwells within us?
907

Like as a pearl is produced united with tunga grass, like to a wishing tree growing before thy house, like as though the cow (camadhenu--the celestial cow) were born in thy presence, thus fortunate was the birth of Vemana in the world!

908

He who knowing the Everlasting considers Vemadu as Siva in his mind and cautiously guardeth his heart; this is the man of unfluctuating mind.
910

He who can gainsay the writing of Brahma, he who can destroy the institutes of the Prime Vishnu, he who can stand in opposition to Him who has three eyes such shall never appear among men, save (excepting) thyself O! Vema!

p. 220

911

Fate continually awaiteth all men however great; is it a marvel when debasement comes? Did not Vishnu who bore the mountain Govardhan on his finger, afterwards float in peril on a banyan leaf?

912

Siva, the chief of Gods, though he burnt up cupid with the flame of his forehead eye cannot leave his wife; who then are the chiefs of sages who can desert woman?

913

Ah! did you never hear that golden animals (deer) are produced in the world? Is king Rama devoid of sense? Your schemes avail nothing for fate rules all.

914

When Dasaratha thought to crown his son Rama king of earth being deluded he bound his head with merely matted hair. Thus intentions avail nothing, For fate rules all.

915

p. 221

Did the amorous Hara (Siva) fail of becoming mighty? Did not the amorous Vishnu become mighty? If Ganesa who hated love become great?
916

With the army of monkeys that wandered the hills without food, Rama king of earth formed an army and conquered. But one Vibhishana ruled Lanka by the favour of Lakshmi.

917

When Siva struck off and threw away Brahma's head, did any of the other deities oppose him? Who can perfect the sinner who hath not the favour of Siva?

918

Though his dwelling be on Meru, the golden hill cupidity will not leave the God Indra himself. Did not he ask Karna for his armour and large earrings?

919

He, Vishnu, that lay down in the sea of milk, why should he have wished for the milk of the shepherd's village? How sweet is the property of our neighbour?

920

p. 222

Did not Indra, through cupidity become degraded? Was not cupid, through desire, turned into earth? When Brahma contracted desire did not he lose his principal head.
924

Rama did not consider whether there were golden deers in the world or not? What is Rama so insance a prine? (sic.) If you leave your town and roam in the forests your senses will not remain.

p. 222

925

One Siva carried a woman Parvathi on his side; one Brahma held a woman, Saraswathi in his mouth. One Vishnu bore a woman, Lakshmi, on his breast; for woman they thus suffer great trouble.

926

Though he hath the hills of silver and gold, Kailasa and Meru, why doth the god Siva wander and collect alms. His neighbour's property is sweet to every man however great.

928

Vishnu left the circle of skin, and would not come to the shore being entangled in the wiles of Lakshmi, daughter of the sea. Vishnu (Shargnee the Bowyer) being so mighty, what can men do?

929

p. 224

He that is as great as Sukrachari, knowing all things with his sharp sight if instead of restraining his mind let it roam, is like the blind crow. (The crow and Sukrachari each have but one eye )

930

What king is mightier than (Duryodhana) Dhartarashtra? He and all the rest are dead, All the wicked shall surely suffer a violent death.

931

King Dasaratha when on earth, thinking it was an elephant (this is a story in Raghuvamsa) slew the son of the guru in the earth (or cast him down to the ground); through grief for his son was not his life also ended? (lit. his going was extinguished.)

932

Pandu, king of earth, slew the couple of animals (deer) through ignorance. Thereby how long did he live in the world, and what did he (eat) enjoy?
934

Kaika (Kaikeyi) one wife of Dasaratha and mother of Bharata was born to cause the ruin of Rama's City. Seeta was born to destroy the state of Lanka and they say Chitrangi was born to destroy the king.

935

Surely the evil of poverty is an interminable degradation. Thereby king Nala left his palace. For a mere joy will they suffer such distress.
938

p. 226

In the belly of Vishnu the world shineth (see Bhagavat-geeta). In it existeth all the universe. All the millions of animated are hence evidently Vaishnavites.
940

Behold! Brahmins, Kshatrias, Vysyas, Soodras, even Brahma, Vishnu and Siva--these are beasts. In ignorance of the divinity have all these forms originated.
942

Hast thou not heard that Vishnu and the other god (Brahma) are dead? Hast not thou heard that Siva sports alone in varying forms through all religions. Hast thou not heard of those studies that have an aim. Reflect and know the season when thy day shall come, select the noblest and most stable pursuit.

p. 227

943

Ye who will not consent to give your women in marriage to all the (total) men of all castes, ye yet agree to take their daughters in marriage. O ye vile Brahmins!
945

Using the terms mother and father they know not the truth being produced from the Yoni and Lingam. But know thou that the mother is Vishnu and the glorious Siva thy father.
948

They who revile Siva all wear the attire of Vyasa and Dakhsa Prajapati and the rest are shameless like a man who knowing the evils of fornication and yet committing it.

949

The Shaiva creed is the most acceptable speaker of all the six creeds. Men cannot comprehend that God is one. The discrimination of persons exists in our fancies not in the deity.

950

Unless our desires be quenched, our body being set on fire will be vexed. Let us not be tossed about in this house of the body, but know that Siva exists in the body.

951

Siva is the radical root in the world. (if thou consider it) What they call Vishnu shines as being Siva. Siva is Vishnu. O ye who wear the semblance of Siva and Vishnu.

952

p. 229

In this vile (Kaliyuga) Iron age while all petty rogues (thieving plow boys) make a sport of all faith in Siva, shall this hypocritical profession attain salvation?
953

Those scholars in the Veda who are versed in the Veda-shastra, and the sciences, search and seek for thee, but cannot perceive thee in the earth. Finally they fall dead, O Vema!

954

When Brahma with all his reading was destroyed and when the original Vishnu was (ended) slain, then Vemana exposed their emptiness. (let sought their disgrace.)

955

Vemana has surpassed the Vedas. Vema is the Vedanta. The Vedas are all different. Meddle not with the contentions about such matters.

956

Have ye not heard of that men of trifling minds (entangled) confused by the intricate Five letters (Namassivaya) and five Vedas (4 Vedas and fifthly the puranas). In the five sects, if thou consider it, Siva dwells.

p. 230

957

If poor in wealth a man retains not resolution. By poverty king Nala lost his home, gave his garment to a bird and was ruined. ( NALA IS A CREATION OF ROTHSCHILD )
958

The God-like force (or the force of the Veda) that Dasasyu (Ravanasura) being mighty gained, being mightier than any whom even the Gods had beheld, perished by the means of mere monkeys and all his tribe sunk with him.

959

Through the words of his wife Kaika the king (Dasaradha) perished. For the sake of a woman (Seeta) the name of Dasasya (Ravanasura) was humbled. Surely every mean act, who ever he be, shall follow him.

960

That one like Brahma should have been destroyed. That one like cupid should have turned into flame. Then shall ye who are with a sure life live as though eternity were yours?

961

p. 231

The original Purana is such as slays the Rakshrsas. The Bharata and others are of kin (i.e. benevolent as relations.) The Gurupurana is the destroyer of imposture.
962

Among the Gods Brahma, Siva, Vishnu and the rest and among the demi-Gods that roam the three worlds and among the excellent men and with in thyself O Vema he who acts up rightly is the eternal.

963

The Lingam is the highest Siva. The (Zangam) worshipper, is the animated beast. If that animated being be pure, he shall attain Siva, Unless thou know the unknown, how shalt thou attain the divinity.

964

Then thou hast with (sport) joy perceived the lingam in thy body, thy mind shall be enamoured of that lingam. If thou fix (or restrain) thy mind, in it. shall the lingam dwell.

965

Through ignorance of the secret of our patron (or loved) Linga, the eager fool wanders to the Hill of Shrishylam. At last he fails of bliss and becometh a fool.

p. 232

966

Born in a human race, and growing up there from the day he was born in it the man devoted to Siva becometh noble.
968

The Smrities all declare Siva to be the chief Brahma. How is it then that Brahmana pays adoration to any other. Should not we call those who believe in Siva, Bramins?

969

Were fire a deity, by worshipping it should not we attain the dwelling of salvation? Did not the fire turn pale before Veerabhadra.

970

p. 233

Were not the men destroyed (turned into water) who held fire in their hands and reviled Siva, Do not ye know the troubles that happened at the sacrifice made by Dakshudu?

971

He wears the lingam merely to attain money, thereby, vile and worthless son of a brute. Being for the sake of money they fall into the doctrine of works.

972

The firmament is in our eight sides. The heaven is widely extended in every part on our eight quarters. In the midst of that ineffable firmament the divinity is mightily infused.

973

Vishnu and Siva dwelling perpetually in the soul of a foolish mind is he who seeks for a distinct deity. Like a shepherd who seeks the sheep that is under his armpit.

974

What is the use of a linga that is tied and dangles at your neck and is not let go. Heaven is the witness to the entire world.

p. 234

975

What is called Veda is in fact mere dispute. Vishnu and Siva are both combined in the Veda. That existeth every where. There is neither difference nor distinction; praise him.
979

p. 235

The Linga creed is the noblest of the six creeds. There is none superior in the world and there is no thief greater than the linga worshipper. (weaver)
981

If thou see him (the supreme being) who slew Brahma the lotus born who plunged Vishnu into the (ambudhi) sea, who sent Siva to remain fixed on the hill of Cailasa, if thou see him being thyself transformed into Siva, thou shalt attain the highest of joy.

982

Whether you name it Siva, Indivisible the chief spirit, the Lingam or living lingam, the terms indeed vary, but the divinity is all one.

983

The curse of Goutama is terrible as the wrath of Siva, the poison throated. It made Indra king of Gods, as a debased. The reproach of Goutama the muni, was an infallible magic arrow.
984

If a misfortune befalls Siva the forehead eyed, let even the wisest condole with him and remove it (teercu). If, knowing it to be a scorpion you seize it will it own your kindness and not sting you? (That is, meddle not to comfort a passionate violent person.)
992

Is a man now able himself to alter that writing of fate that Brahma originally wrote on his forehead; who on earth is now able to know the cupidity of the avaricious soul?

993

Brahma is the writer of destiny, Vishnu is the Minister (counsellor). Siva is the original agent. View this distinctly. If thou understand the conduct of these three and likewise their original (i.e., the supreme spirit) then shalt thou become a worshipper of the chief of beings.

994

Among those three Hara, Hari and Aja (Brahma) which is scaler (lit., seat), That is creator which is the chief (Vishnu who as Krishna turned thief) which is the original? Who can name each of these appropriately and without confusion?

995

p. 239

Behold there are three (Trimoorties) Images. There are also three fools (Ravanasura in the Ramayana, Duryodhana in the Bharata, Kansa in Bhagavata), Those who have excelled their equals are three (Rama over Ravanasura, Bheemudu over Duryodhana, Krishna over Kansa). Of these which is most glorious, which the inglorious, estimate their worth and explain it, O Vema!
1000

If you one day put your anus in your hand and wash it, what have you gained? How much so ever you wash the scales off your teeth, will its stink ever depart?

1001

p. 241

Of gifts, the gift of food is the noblest. In music, the melody of the Sama Veda is the sweetest, In meditation that of Siva is the noblest.
1007

He that is unborn (Aja, Brahma) shines betwixt Vishnu and Siva, and in the midst of these does the yoni shine; It possesses a peculiar kala which however is unperceptible.

1008

When one life is past the fool shall again be born; again shall he love and again feel affection; again shall he roam the countries and villages like to a homeless monkey.
1012

In the five faces of Siva the five letters (na-ma-si-va-ya) produced; by them is the world supported. Then how is it that they fail to praise the Five Faced.
1022

Do not Siva (Shambhudu) slay and restore his son Viswamitra to life. Did not Vishnu revive his son Manmatha? The Vedas give numberless meanings of these stories.

1023

p. 246

A thousand and thousands of the leaders of fishes who caused the Vedas (nigama) to float on the sea, to churn nectar beneath that hill did he place three thousand firm tortoises, a thousand tens of Krishnas to see the shepherdesses in the shepherds' hamlet, four thousands of Narasimha incarnations to tear the breast of the Rakshasas, to slay Ravanasura, ten thousand Ramas, Parasuramas, ten thousand--if thou ask where is Siva, He who in the form of Vishnu underwent the incarnations. He dwelleth in Kasi.
1027

They think on the mantras, but know not their meaning. How are those twice born who are ignorant of the meaning. He who comprehends the signification this is the only Bramha Rishi.

1028

The wild melon leaf is still more poisonous than the margosa. The heretical prathama shakhi (sectory) is more venomous than a serpent and a black complexioned Brahmin is worse poison than musk.

1029

By not quitting the assertions (violence) of the eight creeds, the holy have all become ruined. If you hold dung in your hand why cleanse it externally.
036

Born in the rishi tribe, thereafter they are exalted in the gotra (tribe). They are not descended from Brahma, how then should they be Brahmins?

1037

Those sinful ones who undertake to walk in luxury eating and resting, and hard conduct--these shall not escape being bound in hell and cast into the mills of Yama.
1040

Brahma has given wealth to one man and a liberal disposition in the mind to another. May Brahma perish and his wife's marriage cord be broken at the wharf.
1043

He made the waters of the sea salt. He made the man of wealth avaricious. The acts of Brahma are acts of ashes.

1044

p. 251

Beholding the craft of women, Bhairu Siva (Dog headed) refrained from marriage. So did the Big-bellied. Anjaneya (Hanuman) from his birth bound his langoti tight.

1045

Time and fate are boundless. Let us not oppose them but conduct ourselves as they lead us here on earth. Leave Brahma (Vidhi) in his eternal sleep and dream. O! ye idiots all! walk; O! men in the ways of beatitude.

1046

While you perform the worship of the shakti (inferior Goddesses) how should the Savitri (holy verse, Gayatri) continue on the earth? Sin is produced. Do not seize and punish it.

1047

If a noble person comes and kills a cow, his crime-can by no means be evaded, and at last, he is surely to Yama as a goat bound for sacrifice.
1072

In the Linga sect, a set of hypocrites has arisen and these having handsomely reviled one another are all turned to dust by the Turk tribe to whom their discussion render them easy converts.

1073

A man is distinguished in the world, and becoming himself a great somayaji is born, a brother to the village god Potarazu. But you may consider him as merely the vile goddess of death to the rams that are sacrificed.
1075

He that hath not subdued (slain) his mind as we still further consider, is lower than a pariar, O man! death (naraka) shall befall (lit. come to) him after death.
1081

Surely these vile tenets (Veda) are mere contention. The words of Vemana are knowledge (Veda). Verify none can show you any good. Though good were taught, you would not do it. If a man did well this would be the perfect man.
109

p. 267

Surely the Vedas are all mere contention. Let ashes fill the contentious man's mouth; surely the vanquisher of the Vedas is Vemana. Surely it is our great object to know what is true happiness.
1133

Look at your wife. She is shackles on your leg. All your children (in a row) are the rivets. All connections are like to a prison as you consider them closely.
1180

He who in the budding of prosperity gives the gifts of a virgin (kanyadan), at the last the region of holiness shall be attained by him. This is the secret of Vedanta.


CP Brown translated the FAKE and BACK DATED verses of Vemana into English and got it published in 1829.

ARE THESE VERSES THE VEDAS OF THE TELUGU PEOPLE,  BY ANY STRETCH OF THE IMAGINATION .




Let me quote from my post below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html


I have interviewed lot of Telugu Indians aboard who were Indentured slaves- a lot of them in South Africa—the NAIDOOOS, the GOVENDERS , the PATIYAACHIS, the MOODLEYS  . I went to their homes and talked to their grandfathers.

Some remember as TERRIBLE GUNTUR FAMINE in 1832.   They said there was NO cholera or small pox—it was DELIBERATE famine created by the white invader.  

Most of the Guntur , Masulipatnam (Machilipatnam) Indians were farmers and weavers.  Masulipatnam was the the first trading settlement on the East coast of India established by Rothschild for his British East India Company. The famous Muslin cloth was created for the ancients Greeks at Masulie ( Maisolos ). 

60% of the people of Guntur area when the exodis started on British East India Company ships. Sir Walter Elliot writes that the famine of 1833 and the following epidemic had prostrated Guntur district and that "a man in perfect health was hardly to be seen anywhere".  

The superior Indian weaver’s cotton fine cloth ( below ) has no buyers in Manchester and Lancaster thanks to Rothschild controlled labour unions.



The Rothschild stooge President of the Blackburn Chamber of Commerce said that "the manufacturers of Lancashire should carefully watch the doings of the Indian manufactur­ers, they did try to place artificial obstacles in the way of development of this cotton weaving industry in India. 



The legendary Guntur famine of 1832–1833 followed by DELIBERATE crop failure as well as excessive and uncertain levels of taxation on peasants.  The ruling British East India Company took no measures were adopted to formulate any general system of famine relief or prevention.

WHO WAS THE COLLECTOR OF GUNTUR WHEN THIS HAPPENED -- 

NO PRIZES FOR GUESSING THAT IT WAS CP BROWN,  THE R STOOGE  -- BUT HEY, THE BESTESTEST FRIEND OF THE TELUGU PEOPLE .

AUR BANAO -STATUES ,UNIVERSITIES , POSTAGE STAMPS --

PUJA BHI KARO SAALE KA !

Deliberate famine and loss of buyers of superior and cheaper cloth led to the mass exodus as SLAVES .

CP BROWN KI JAI !

 

When the local people came to know of the deceit of CP Brown he ran to England . 

He then came back like a thief low profile to Madras in 1838, pretending to be a translator of Persian for British East India Company and joined as a member of the Madras College Board.   He was now involved in polishing up Urdu— to divide Indians further by LANGUAGE.


mythra81
April 2, 2015 at 11:16 PM
i was just wondering....did rothschild create urdu [by using arabic script to write hindi] to create hindu muslim divide......urdu is just basically hindi peppered with a few fancy arabic and persian words and even during the mughal times or earlier there was no such language and the muslim rulers used persian in court......same thing you have gurmukhi punjabi and shahmukhi [ arabic ] script punjabi.......even sindhi was written in an indian script similar to the gurmukhi and sharada script all along but suddenly you have arabic script being used for sindhi.......

ReplyDelete
Replies

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 3, 2015 at 3:11 AM

STOP PRESS:

Urdu has more than 100 million speakers today.

R created the Urdu language and replaced Persian,the official language used by Mughal rulers with Urdu language in 1837. 

R used Khadiboli as the base and threw in some Persian and Arabic words as a hotch pocth—and hey presto R had a new language Urdu,to divide North India from South India.

Then Rothschild went further to DIVIDE AND RULE. He made his Muslim stooges sponsor Urdu for the Muslim population of India . This effort started in Bihar first and then spread to UP and then all over North India.

After independence, Pakistan put more Persian words and Afghani Pathan Pashto words in Urdu and made it a Pakistani Urdu. 

Indian madrasas teach Arabic as well as Pakistani Urdu.

Urdu has been given official language status in UP, Bihar, Telangana (can your believe this ?) and of course Kashmir .

To get a greater Islamic literature audience in India Urdu media uses Devanagari script.

In Mecca signs and boards are written in Arabic, and Urdu. 

Islamised Urdu is written from right-to left, like Persian alphabet,and Arabic.

You can see Ghulam Ali using this type of Pakistani Urdu.. with HAJAAR farmaiye , tashrif rakhiye type words. I guess these words give people like Markenday Katju and Girish Karnad – a HARD ON.

Pakistani Ghulam Ali would be performing at Sankat Mochan Hanuman Temple, Varanasi during an annual music concert, beginning April 8 2015.

I saw this man as a judge during a India-Paksiatn Bollywood song singing contest. He was rabidy pro-pakistani. 

It became so obvious that fellow judge Asha Bhonsle had to tell him on his face that his grading of Pakistani singers was inflated. She spelt it our for him. This contest was made to humiliate Indian singers with that Pakistani singer guy Atif Aslam with a quivering voice ( a another judge ) rubbing it in. There is a difference between a deliberate poor quivering voice and a natural rich fluttering voice.

PAKISTAN IS NOW DOING A URDU PUSH IN INDIA—AND MODI HAS FALLEN PREY TO IT. THEY SAY THIS WILL BRING INDIA AND PAKISTAN CLOSER. 

THE NAKED REALITY IS THAT IT WILL BRING INDIAN MUSLIMS CLOSER EMOTIONALLY TO THE PAKISTANI WATAN-NOT INDIAN WATAN.

Language creates loyalties.

In Kerala , the Malayali Muslims do NOT suck up to Islam while abroad in the Gulf . They are level headed and Malayalam is a great binding factor – unlike the Bihari or Bengali.

R created a SINGLE holy book for the Sikhs and a whole new language for the Indian muslims 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

Planning was done centuries in advance how to create a Islamic buffer on either side of the Himalayas – between Communism and the all weather blue ocean navy.

ALICE IN GUJJULAND , WHO KNOWS ZILCH ABOUT WORLD INTRIGUE , HAS ANTAGONISED IRAN AGAIN AND AGAIN— NOT CARING THAT IRAN IS SHIA AND A NEIGHBOUR OF PAKSITAN . 

IN AN ALL OUT WAR WITH PAKISTAN , THE ENTIRE SUNNI ARAB NATIONS ( CONTROLLED BY R )WILL GIVE THEIR FIGHTER JETS, NAVAL CARRIERS AND SUBMARINES TO PAKISTAN.

CHARKHA GHUMAAKE !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..


CP BROWNs FATHER REV DAVID BROWN WAS A CRYPTO JEW.    HE WAS HANDPICKED BY ROTHSCHILD AND WAS AN EXPERT IN HEBREW .  

David Brown converted the temple of Bullabpur ( at the ghats of Sehrampore ) into a Christian church . William Carey,  Crypo Jew Joshua Marshmann Marshmann , William Ward and Raja Ram Mohan Roy used to meet here .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/opium-raja-british-stooge-ram-mohan-roy.html


pavani reddy
February 28, 2014 at 10:05 PM
Dear Captain Pls Expose C. P. Brown who researched Telugu literature and translated tikkana,vemana and potana literature works.He edited and published several Telugu and Sanskrit books.iam from andhra tirupathi i doubt him.And write some info about VEMANA his poems are very good vemana satakam
Thank you Captain.Proud to be Hindu and Indian.
ReplyDelete

#####################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 28, 2014 at 11:10 PM
hi pr,

i think i will dedicate a full post to this.

in my post about devdasis is have already spoken about RADHIKA SANTWANAM briefly.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html


THIS SEXUALLY EXPLICIT TRIPLE X BOOK WAS WRITTEN BY ROTHSCHILD STOOGE CHARLES PHILIP BROWN.

HE USED HIS TELUGU SIDE KICK VENKATANARASU , TO GHOST WRITE FOR A GHOST DEVADASI MUDDUPALANI.

THE ORIGINAL VERSION CANNOT BE PUBLISHED-- AS IT IS TOO VULGAR .

THIS BOOK IS ABOUT THE FAKE MISTRESS OF LORD KRISHNA RADHA AND HER NIECE ILA FU#KING LORD KRISHNA EVERY WHICH WAY --

BOTH TAKING TURNS IN SEXUAL INTERCOURSE AND ABNORMAL SEX, WITH AUNT RADHA PROVIDING THE KAMA SUTRA COACHING TO THE YOUNG GIRL.

AND THIS WAS BEING TOUTED AS SRINGARA RASA .

well,wait for my post.

Today the YSR christian converts call this immoral man Charles Philip Brown, as the savior of telugu language.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
##################
Raman
March 1, 2014 at 12:58 AM
Well Said, Capt. C. P. Brown in Andhra was given more respect than great poets/kings/saints of Telugu in the name of Secularism. When we were in Schools they brainwashed us by teaching us that C. P. Brown is Anglican born Indian Saint. Communists & their literature is still dominant in Andhra, though subsided little due to failure on political front. They are instrumental in popularizing C. P. Brown as next to God for Telugu people.

Even today, if you criticize C. P. Brown, the pseudo-intellectuals (communists) brand you as a Communal.


Eagerly waiting to see your post on rogue C. P. Brown.





Radhika santwanamu is a FAKE 18th century VULGAR pornographic book written by Devadasi Muddupalani .

DEVADASI SYSTEM WAS CREATED BY THE WHITE INAVER TO PROVIDE FREE SEX FOR THEIR WHITE TROOPS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

In 1910, Bangalore Nagaratnamma reprinted the “classic”( sic ) Radhika Santwanam (Appeasing Radha),

Nobody heard of RADHA the mistress of Lord Krishna till the white invader came to India. Radha was the back dated creation of R.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kalidasa-did-not-exist-jainism-is.html

EVERY DASA IS A FAKE BACK DATED CREATION OF R.

Muddupalani's SEX poem was first GHOST WRITTEN by CP Brown in 1887, using his side kick’s name Venkatanarasu.

This book remained banned till Independence.  

In 1947 R stooge Tanguturi Prakasam was Chief Minister of Madras, he rescinded the order, stating that he was restoring a pearl to the necklace that was Telugu.




shiva Prasad
January 24, 2014 at 10:20 PM
hello captain

an offtopic questn. why are girls from brahman family exempted from a ritual like upanayanam? does vedas say that?or is it another false propaganda by max mueller? because of this discrimination(i am not sure if i am using the right word) a new caste was born called lingayaths which was created by vishwaguru basavanna who left his home as his sister was not initiated due to a fact that she was a girl and the story continues...... hope you are familiar with the story.. just can you throw some light on this caste which originated around 12 century.and also the ishta linga they wear.what is its significance?

regards
shiva prasad

Replies

######################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 24, 2014 at 11:17 PM
hi sp,

The Manusmriti says: “Strinam upanayanam-sthaane vivaham Manurabravit” (Manu says that for women marriage is in place of upanayana).

Upanayanam or the thread ceremony is the sanskara performed to mark the beginning of studenthood or Brahmacharya

After being initiated, the potential student would generally leave his family and home behind to go and live in a far-off gurukul for several decades to learn the Vedas .

Obviously this is NOT feasible for girls--unless you are stupid .

Before the white christian man came to India, Lingayaths did NOT kick the Vedas and the 4 mutts of Adi Shankaracharya , who sponsored them to be priests of shiva temples.

Vishva guru Basavanna or Bhakti Bhandari Basavanna was a back dated creation of Rothschild to drive fissures into Hinduism for divide and rule.

Veera ( brave ) Shaivites are also known as Lingayats, or bearers of the Shiva Lingam.

They constantly wear a Linga encased in a pendant around their necks. The day they are born a visiting jangama, bestows a small Sivalinga encased in a pendant tied to a thread. This same Linga is to be worn throughout the life.

Egged on by the white Christian invader for divide and rule, Lingayats rejected, Vedic authority, caste hierarchy, and the four mutts set up by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC.

There are more than 10 million Veera Shaivites in Karnataka.

Let them be.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
##########################
shiva Prasad
January 25, 2014 at 9:16 AM
hi captain

dandavat pranam on your feet,thanks a lot for your reply,it means a lot to me,and do you think there is any fault,objectionable or ingenuity in their philosophy called shunya siddantha and shatsthala?is there any thing lifted up from vedas? just curious to know, and i swear this is my last questn regarding this topic.

regards
####################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 25, 2014 at 10:13 AM
hi sp,

Rothchild’s aim was to drive fissures into Hindusim and create separate religions like Sikhism—NOT castes.

So Vishva Guru Basavanna was a FAKE creation by the British .
We can say that the Jew was successful , as today there are 10 million Lingayaths in Karnataka itself—who run down Vedas . Even last week foreign funded desh drohis were clamoring to make Lingayath a new religion .

Like Khalistanis the Lingayaths have started hundreds of sites on the Internet—to spread this fake religion created by the ex-owner of British east India company.

These sites claim that Basavanna told his people NOT to believe in god. Their religious symbol would be a globular shaped emblem called Istalinga that is worn on body.

Their Mecca would be Kudala Sangama in Bagalakot district of Karnataka, where founder-prophet Basavanna merged with their type of God (Lingaikya).

Sharana Mela would be their annual congregation to increase their numbers.

Their flag will be a saffron flag with a Hexagonal star with Istalinga .

They do NOT care for Hindusim or the Vedas for Lingayathism is not based on the preachings of Vedas, Upanishads , Gita etc . but based on Vachana literature.

A true Lingayath will NOT have a horoscope etc.

Lingayats will have their own Metaphysics - Shunya Siddhanta—BULL OF THE HIGHTEST ORDER created by Rothschild himself. ( to rival Surya Siddhanta )

They will have their own mystic philosophy called Shatasthala-BULL OF THE HIGHEST ORDER created by Rothschild himself.

THEIR PROPHET ( LIKE MOHAMMAD )WOULD BE LORD BASAVANNA . ( such a man did NOT exist in the period of 1134-1196—as touted by the British. Before British came to India nobody knew of this man. All history is post written.

They tried to spread this religion to Maharashtra , Kerala and Tamil Nadu—it failed.

Basavanna was revived by people like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar.

The greatest damage done by Jew Rothschild was to fool the Lingayaths that cremation is bad and only burial is good , like Christianity, Islam and Judaism.

Today Lingayaths suffer due to this as they do NOT believe in Karma – and their soul is trapped on earth.

The dead are buried in the Dhyana mudra (meditating position) with their Ishta linga in their left hand.

A PERSON WHO GETS BURIED IS NOT A HINDU.

Since these burial religions started, this planet has known NO peace.

Punch into Google search-
RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL .

Guru Gobind Singh was poisoned to death by the white invader. The Sikhs are now a separate religion, but they were smart enough to shun burial , though Rothschild tried to get them to do it. However they succeded in making Sikhs accept a single holy book, like Koran

Punch into Google search-
UNKNOWN HISTORY OF SIKHS AND SIKHISM , PAWNS IN DIVIDE AND RULE POLICY OF BRITISH EMPIRE VADAKAYIL .

Veerendra Patil, Shivraj Patil, BD Jatti, Nijalingappa, SR Bommai, SR Kanti , BS Yedurappa, JH Patil , J Shettar are all Lingayaths ( Veera Shaivas )—who pretended to be Hindus to get Hindu votes.

Wanna know more—I have been decent and responsible .

If you are a Lingayath, do NOT make me open my mouth more.

Ten million Veera Shaivas will be blown off their moorings forever.

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
#####################################
shiva Prasad
January 25, 2014 at 1:00 PM
hi captain

well thats more than enough sir. salutes to your knowledge. omg i never thought there is so much of poison in the history. once again thanks for the enlightening.
###########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 25, 2014 at 9:38 PM
hi sp,

let me add this too.

The Hindu hating waitress recently had participated in the Guruvandana programme of Shivakumara Swami, the pontiff of the Sri Siddaganga Mutt, the most powerful institution of Lingayats, the largest community in the state.

A blatant and immoral effort to grab Veerashaiva Lingayath votes.

Like Muslims and Christians Lingayaths vote enmasse in a bloc. If the waitress can win the Lingayath votes she will win in Karnataka.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
###################################
Maya
January 26, 2014 at 2:30 PM
Very true Capt. I am from the same region. Pls share more info if u can. Thanks.
##################
தென்னவன்
April 7, 2015 at 12:52 AM
Sir , Did Vemana lived or he too an imagination by R
#########################

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 7, 2015 at 5:35 AM
HI T,

COOKED UP back dated creation of R--just like all the DASAS..

is not FAKE kalidasa the national poet of india?

is not ASOKA chakra the national symbol of india --when asoka never existed ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

is a not gandhi --a greater darling of R that CP Brown , the father of our nation ?

are not the krishna devotees now split between FAKE radha / krishna ?

are not hamuman and sri ram devotees fighting withe each other ?

are not veerashaiva lingayaths ( who shun shiva temples ) and shiva devotees ( who visit shiva temples for shiva ratri etc ) fighting with each other ?

the whole idea was to make vishnu devotees feel like shit and split hindusim into sunni / shia .

nala / damayanti and raja harishchandra are creations of R-- why should vemana write about all this ?

did CP Brown who surcharged sankskrit into Telugu in his dictionary, not aleinate half of telugu speakers and now SPILT ANDHARA into telengana / seemandhra ? wait for the water wars to being -- this has not even started ! telugu will kill telugu-- just a matter of time.

R planned centuries in advance.

here our desh drohi BENAMI MEDIA and judas TROJAN HORSE NGOs are running wild daily -- and Modi is watching ?

capt ajit vadakayil

..


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html

 EVERY YEAR FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs CELEBRATE CP BROWN AND ROBERT CALDWELL - AND OF COURSE OUR GOVT CELEBRATES GANDHI.


தென்னவன்
April 7, 2015 at 12:45 AM
Sir, for tamil the R created Robert Caldwell.


1.                        Description: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1TmA2Q8dmoI/UwiDv2Fb3eI/AAAAAAAApp4/Gfi3eJL51UI/s45/*

#####################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 7, 2015 at 5:47 AM
hi t,

INDEED .

Bishop Robert Caldwell (1814–1891) was an Christian Evangelist missionary and linguist, who came to India to poison Hindusim, by translating and printing books in Tamil.

He got into a deal with Tamilian Iyers for plum administrative posts in the British Raj. Rothschild gave him leverage with the FAKE KANCHI mutt ..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html

MANY RIDICULOUS AGAMA RITUALS WERE INTRODUCED WHICH MADE HE HINDU SELF LOATHING .

For poisoning the Hindu texts , in return he established Tamil as the oldest language— which gave an ego massage to Tamils Bishop Robert Caldwell academically established the Dravidian family of languages in a false immoral manner .

He served as Assistant Bishop of Tirunelveli from 1877. Poisoning Hinduism made atheists and British stooges like EVR Periyar happy. The Government of Tamil Nadu honoured his 'historic contribution to Tamil' with a memorial and issued a stamp in his name.

Every patriotic Indian must know what this white Christain man did to divide Hindus.

For 50 long years Caldwell worked tirelessly to give stimulus to the radicalisation of the Non-Brahmin movement .

Scotsman Robert Caldwell (1814-1891) who along with his wife Elissa Mault did massive conversions by offering sops.

The Madras Catholic Diocese, has been on a amazing campaign that, “Thiruvalluvar was a disciple of St. Thomas and that Thirukkural have been lifted from the teachings of St. Thomas—nonsense.

How could people like Karunanidhi allow this if they have some pride in Tamil heritage , culture and pride. Tamil culture is so ancient –it existed in 4000 BC as an extension of Saraswati culture.

The Hindu , an ANTI-HINDU NEWSPAPER keeps praising Robert Caldwell as a 'pioneering champion of the downtrodden' and an 'avant-garde social reformer'.

It Was Robert Caldwell, who wrote LIES that great Tamil kings were gullible enough to accept the title ‘Shudra’ when Brahmins told them that it was a title of honour.

He did propaganda that CUNNING ARYANS invented what is now known as Hinduism as a means to enslave Dravidians!

He drove the wedge of ARYAN/ DRAVIDIAN divide. EVR Periyar was instigated by Rothschild to demand for DRAVIDISTAN .

It was Robert Caldwell who firstly used the word “Dravidian” in 1856 to DIVIDE AND RULE .

It was Caldwell who first wrote that the Dravidian (South Indian) languages had their own independent origin (Malayalam is almost Sanskrit due to Namboodiri migration from Saraswati river in 4000 BC )

EVIL Caldwell did majority conversions during famine times-deliberately introduced by the white invader as a conversion weapon .

Conversion happened en-masse by rice bags for SURVIVAL and even today the term RICE BAG CHRISTIANS is used. Deliberate FAMINE in India was used as a conversion weapon .

WE DESH BHAKT INDIANS WANT THE STATUE OF THIS DESH DROHI WHITE EVANGELIST- WATAN KA DUSHMAN ON THE CHENNAI MARINA ( a gift of the Church of South India in 1967 ) TO BE DISMANTLED., ALONG WITH HIS HOUSE ( MEMORIAL NOW ) IN IDAYANKUDI / THIRUNELVELI .

capt ajit vadakayil

..


Veera Shaivas community were ancient Shiva worshipers.   Seeing their commitment Adi Shankaracharya 2000 BC, allowed this community to be priests in Shiva temples.  They were vegetarians.

R moulded this community  and made them bury their dead instead of cremating.  

However unlike the Chitpavan where Jews mixed their blood , in Lingayat community there was NO mixng of JEWISH blood.

For playing ball , members of this community were given political power.

When before the white invader left India in 1947 , Veera Shaiva Lingayats were clubbed in BACKWARD CASTE so that they could usurp Govt jobs .  This is strange as the teachings of this community says there is NO caste system.

Basava Purana is FAKE and poison injected by CP Brown.

CP BROWN WORTE THAT VEERA SHAIVA IS MORE AKIN TO JUDAISM THAN HINDUSIM —HOWEVER THEIR DIETY IS SHIVA.   

HE MUST WEAR A TINY LINGAM INSIDE A SILVER ( taviz ) CONTAINER  TIED AROUND HIS NECK —BUT HE IS BANNED FROM VISITING ANY SHIVA TEMPLE , EVEN ON SHIVA RATRI.

SHIVA HIMSELF TOLD BASAVA THIS ACCORDING TO WHITE MAN CP BROWN, WHOSE HEBREW EXPERT FATHER REV DAVID BROWN WAS  A CRYPTO JEW..

THEY HAVE A KOSHER AKIN PRASADA WERE THE GURU ( SHIVA IN HUMAN FORM ) WILL BLESS IT AND THEN GIVE THE FOOD BACK.  

THESE GURUS WERE CONTROLLED BY R AND WIELDED UNLIMITED POWER –AS THE FOLLOWERS WERE BRANDED AS “SHIVA’S WARRIORS”.

The baptism of a child takes place at the age of 8.

This is similar to Judaism .

Ezekiel 36:25:-   I will sprinkle clean water 



When the Veera Shaiva Lingayaths die they must be buried facing North in Padmasana position with the lingam he wore around his neck all his life in his left hand .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/rip-impossible-with-burial-world-is.html

THE PRIEST FROM THE FAKE R CREATED MUTT , WILL SHOUT THAT THE DEAD HAS GONE TO KAILASA  —THEN THEY ALL SING —

“SOUL COMETH FROM SHIVA AND SOULD RETURNETH TO SHIVA”

THEY DO NOT PERFORM SRADDHAM ,   AND RE-INCARNATION THEORY IS REJECTED LIKE IN JUDAISM.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/pitru-paksha-shraadh-pitru-tharpanam.html



HIS ASHTAVARNA IS GURU / LINGA / JANGAMA ( VISTING PREACHER ) / PADALOKA  ( WASH WATER OF GURUS FEET ) / PRASADA / MANTRA ( NAMASHIVAYA )  / VIBHUTI (SACRED ASHES RUBBED ON BODY ) /  RUDRAKSHA- 

OM , THE HINDU KING MANTRA IS REJECTED ( OM NAMASHIVAYA  ).

However the Christians use AMEN and Jews use SHALOM ( lifted version )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/om-aum-sound-of-zpf-cymatics-sound-of.html


For flimsy reasons the Veera Shaiva Lingayats were made to attack Vishnu worshipers ( Vishnu / Rama / Krishna / Ayyappa )

Why not ?

CP BROWN WROTE THAT UNDER GANACHARA THEY BECOME SHIVA WARRIORS AND HENCE MUST BE  VIOLENT AGAINST PEOPLE WHO SPEAK ILL OF SHIVA.

 ROTHSCHILD ENCOURAGES VAISHNAVITES THE SAME WAY – DIVIDE AND RULE AT ITS BEST )

QUOTE: when a time comes need to protect himself with his society, and he should be ready for the same : UNQUOTE.

BASAVA ( 1168 TO 1228 AD ) WAS CREATED AND BACK DATED BY R

NOBODY IN INDIA HEARD OF BASAVA OR BASAVA PURANA TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA—JUST LIKE DASAS AND RADHA.

Despite the rule that NO temple worship is allowed , you can see the Kuruvathi Basaveshwara temple at Hoovina Hadagali taluk, Bellary District, Karnataka, on the banks of Tungabhadra river river, 10 km from Halavagalu .

Shri Kuruvathi Basaveshwara is one of the forms of Nandi the bull.

All Veera Shaiva Lingayats are  followers ( sharanas )  of Guru Basava ..

LORD BASAVA WAS MADE OUT TO BE RE-INCARNATION OF NANDI THE BULL AND CALLED BASAVESHWARA.

THREE LINE VERSES  CALLED TRIPATI WAS CREATED ( LIKE THE TAMIL TEVARAM ).
ROTHSCHILD BECAME RICH IN 1799 AD , AFTER STEALING TIPU SULTANs GOLD .

 IT WAS THEN HE SET ABOUT PUTTING THE FOUNDATION OF HIS NEW RELIGION .
There is no where mention of the word Veerashaiva in BACK DATED Vachana Literature.

IN 1851 R GOT  TWELVE  INDIANS  BAPTISED ( LIKE JESUSs  12 DISCIPLES ).  THEY DID NOT JEW BLOOD IN THEM  .

R  GOT A GERMAN CRYPTO JEW ( BASEL MISSION ) TO COME ALL THE WAY FROM CALICUT TO GULEDGUD, BIJAPURA DISTRICT  --

THE BLUE EYED BLOND  MESSIAHs (Joseph Friedrich Josenhans ) ARRIVAL WAS LONG AWAITED AT THE FAKE MUTT AT KODEKAL ( GULBARGA DIST ) . 

Below: This messiah JEW made MONDAY - THE SABBATH DAY OF THE LINGAYATS



Josenhans came from the Calicut Basel Mission – he was a crypto German Jew from Leonberg, Württemberg, Germany

Below: Basel Mission in Calicut ( my hometown )




A STONE WAS DROPPED FROM HEAVEN IN ANCIENT DAYS—THE STONE WAS FOUND GIVING GOOD NEWS OF THE ARRIVAL OF THE JOHN THE BAPTIST TYPE MESSIAH .

A MUTT WAS BUILT EXACTLY ON THE SPOT AT KODEKAL—THIS MUTT WAS BACKDATED TO THE REIGN OF KRISHNA DEVA RAYA 1525 AD-


OF COURSE , THE FOUNDER OF THE MUTT WAS A RE-INCARNATION OF BASAVA, RIGHT ?.




Above : Karnataka CM B S Yeddyurappa , a veerashaiva lingayat had made a HUGE donation to Sharana Basaveshwara Temple is a shrine at Kalburgi (Gulbarga) .   The temple houses the Samadhi of Sharana Basaveshwara at the center called the garbha gudi.

The original twelve disciple the MESSIAH brought along with him for baptizing were Kerala SYRIAN JEWS.  

They went back To Calicut along with the German Jew messiah.  CP Brown had written about this.

But later these twelve disciples were FUDGED. 

They became local Indians in CP Browns books.


QUOTE:  The Sharanas had no caste divisions and accepted everyone as equal. Jedara Dasimayya was by profession a weaver, Shankar Dasimayya a tailor, Madivala Machideva a washerman, Myadar Ketayya a basket-maker, Kinnari Bommayya a goldsmith, Vakkalmuddayya a farmer, Hadapada Appanna a barber, Jedar Madanna a soldier, Ganada Kannappa an oilman, Dohar Kakkayya a tanner, Mydar Channayya a cobbler, and Ambigara Chowdayya a ferryman.: UNQUOTE 



R STILL TAKES A LOT OF INTEREST IN BASAVA.

In honour of Basava, former President of India Abdul Kalam inaugurated Basaveshwar's statue on 28 April 2003 in the Parliament of India.

Basaveshwara is the first Kannadiga in whose honour a commemorative coin has been minted in recognition of his social reforms.  The former Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh was in Bangalore, the capital of Karnataka to release the coins.

The British Cabinet Minister for culture, media and sports has approved the planning pernission to erect the statue of Basaveshwara along the bank of the river Thames at Lambeth, Albert embankment in London .

Karnataka Veera Shaiva Lingayath CM, BS Yeddyurappa,  gave a cheque for more than £410,000 towards the installation of this statue . 

I can understand India—but why London?

CHAKKAR KYA HAI ? 

WHY IS THE WHITE INVADER SO  MUCH  INTERESTED ?.

Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow spAke : -

"It's amazing and extraordinary that Basaveshwara professed, espoused campaigned and advocated genuine democracy, human rights, gender equality way back in the 12th century even before anyone in United Kingdom had even thought about it.''

BAAP  RE !


THERE WAS NO PROBLEM WITH HUMAN RIGHTS , GENDER EQUALITY BEFORE THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA.

PM NARENDRA MODI HAS BEEN ASKED TO UNVEIL THIS BASAVA STATUE –  

MODI WILL SOON GO SKIPPETY SKIP TO LONDON—  CHARKHA GHUMAAKE !


 http://articles.economictimes.indiatimes.com/2015-03-26/news/60516138_1_neeraj-patil-lambeth-london-borough

R BAHOOT KHUSH HOYEENGA  ! 

SHAAYAD R MODI KO BILDERBERG CLUB MEIN BHARTI KARENGA !

LONDON SHOULD ALSO HAVE A STATUE FOR EVERY R CREATED FAKE BACK DATED DASA 


We in India never heard of Kabirdas, Tulsidas, Ramdas, Kalidas, Ravidas, Surdas etc – till the white invader came to India.    

Like a serial murderer's PATHOLOGICAL need ,  R has given us a series of signature back dated fake DASAS, all of whom trying to reform BAAAAD BAAAAAAD Hindusim.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kalidasa-did-not-exist-jainism-is.html

Emperor Ashoka ka bhi ek statue daal do na,   London mein ?

After all this R created and BACKDATED great Emperor Ashoka kicked BAAAD BAAAAAD Hinduism ,  and converted to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

NR Narayana Murthy (of UK Gandhi statue donation fame ) and Pakistani Nobel prize winner Malala are the latest recepients for the Basavashree award, instituted by Sri Murugharajendra Brihan mutt, Chitradurga. 


srinu k
April 7, 2015 at 11:11 AM
Hi Sir,

Please check Link Below.
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/karnataka/hinduism-is-only-a-cultural-identity/article7075806.ece?w=alstates

Thanks,
Srinu.

###############


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 7, 2015 at 11:52 AM
hi sk,

ANYBODY WHO DOES NOT CREMATE THE DEAD BODY IS NOT A HINDU - PERIOD !

LINGAYATs DO NOT CREMATE THE DEAD—THEY BURY—HENCE THEY ARE NOT HINDUS . .

BACKWARD COMMUNITY Lingayaths have been asking for independent religion status – they do NOT need to ask.

5 years ago , the FEMALE head of Basava Dharma Peetha Mate Mahadevi has sought independent religion status for Lingayat sect.

When British East India campany left India Lingayats ( who carried a Shiva lingam around their necks ) were called Veera Shaiva Lingayats.

SO LET THE LINGAYATS THROW THIS LINGAM AWAY ?

WHY BURY THEIR DEAD WITH THE LEFT HAND HOLDING A SHIVA LINGAM ?

THE DEMAND OF LINGAYATS THAT VEERA SHAIVA LINGAYATS ARE A SUB CASTE OF LINGAYAT IS WRONG— AS THE KARNATAKA GOVT HAS IT IN THEIR RECORDS-THE WAY THE BRITISH LEFT IT IN 1947 .

HOWEVER ALMOST ALL THE VEERASHIAVA LINGAYATS WILL BE OVERJOYED TO GET THEMSELVES AND THEIR FUTURE GENERATIONS CREMATED .

IN ANOTHER 20 YEARS , 98% OF WHITE CHRISTIANS WILL BE CREMATED ( NOT BURIED ).

capt ajit vadkayil

..


Sree Charan R
April 7, 2015 at 2:22 PM
Respected captain,
Excuse me, I may be emotional--after reading all these,I am already into tears, hopefully?
Initially, I thought to make a long comment, but realized that nothing is more important than truth !!
Thank You, for your invaluable service, to this ignorant( and often, arrogant) world.
I can just share a TRUE but 'small' incident, in my childhood--
"My Telugu teacher (my favorite teacher) once asked me to explain a meaning of one of the Vemana Padhyam.However wise poet Vemana may be, I did dare to say that it was 'meaning less'.Then the teacher, who is also a learned person in Ancient Telugu Literature,even though initially was angry; but he called me and said that I was true, and a great poet like Vemana would have not (and has not) written 'such' verses.And it is mistranslated by a 'foreigner'(he did not name anyone), and we continue to teach it to students. "
And about that C.P.Brown, it is unfortunate that till today Telugu intellectuals continue to call him a "savior", without realizing the facts.(In one of the popular Telugu newspaper, I found a writer calling him as "Ishwar", for his supposedly 'invaluable' service to Telugu Literature; though I am skeptical if he can even speak Telugu properly!! )
May be, at least from now they( and we) get enlightened;since it is very much essential for Telugu identity and culture,and also for National Integrity.
On a positive side, I observe that people are indeed realizing the truth; in recent times, Telugu scholars
(may not be publicly though! ) more or less agree with your words.....
Thank You, again.

ReplyDelete
Replies
################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 7, 2015 at 5:23 PM
hi scr,

why have i quoted so many verses from VEMANA translated by CP Brown - with verse number and page numbers?

( If you see some of the 2100 verses you will PUKE-- that is why many have been sunk and deleted) .

-- so that the ORDINARY TELUGU can find out what bullshit is going on.

ARE ONLY ROTHSCHILD CREATED LINGAYATS FIT TO RULE KARNATAKA ?

 WHY ARE THERE SO MANY CM, MP, MLAs FROM LINGAYAT COMMUNITY ?

WHY IS MODI RUNNING TO LONDON,  TO INAUGURATE A STATUE OF BASAVA ?

CHAKKAR KYA HAI BHAIYYA ?

WHY IS THE WHITE MAN WANTING TO GIVE BASAVA STATUE PRIDE OF PLACE AT THE THAMES RIVER FRONT OF LONDON?   

DOES THE ORDINARY ENGLISHMAN WANT STATUES OF GANDHI, BASAVA, MARTIN LUTHER KING JR etc IN LONDON?

WHY IS INFOSYS CHAIRMAN NR NARAYANA MURTHY SO EAGER TO DONATE SUCH A HUGE AMOUNT OR GANDHI STATUE IN LONDON ?

HOW COME HIS SON IN LAW RISHI SUNAK SUDDENLY IS NOW A GREAT POLITICAL CAT IN LONDON ?

YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW PEOPLE SELL THEIR SOULS AND GRAB POWER .

EVERY HERO IN OUR SCHOOL NCERT SOCIAL STUDIES BOOK WAS CHOSEN FOR US BY R.

WHY DOES OUR NATIONAL POET KALIDASA HAVE TO BE A R CREATED POET ?

WHY DOES OUR NATIONAL EMBLEM LIONS , OUR NATIONAL FLAG WHEEL ALL HAVE TO BE R CREATED ?

WHY IS THAT AT EVERY LITERARY FEST THEY DISCUSS ONLY R CREATED AND BACK DATED PEOPLE / EVENTS ,  LIKE THE:--
DASAS,
RADHA,
PREGNANT SITA GETTING KICKED,
ASHWAMEDHA ,
AGHORI,
DEVADASI,
KAMASUTRA,
ANIMAL SACRIFICES IN TEMPLES
etc etc

WHY ARE INDIAN MP/ MLAs AFRAID TO SPEAK THE TRUTH IN THE PARLIAMENT - WHERE PARTY WHIPS ARE GIVEN--

WHAT IS ALL THIS SPEAKERS DECLARATIONS -- I THINK THE AAAYES HAVE IT-- I THINK THE NAAAYS HAVE IT ?

WHY CANT THERE BE A SECRET BALLOT FOR CRITICAL ISSUES ?

WHY DOES THE R CREATED RAJYA SABHA ( FILLED WITH R PAYROLL MPs ) HAVE THE POWER OF VETO ?

WHY IS EVERY ZIOINIST AWARD ,  HAVING AN ATTACHED  CASH PRIZE ( A BRIBE  )

WHY ARE THE CHILDREN OF LINGAYATS GETTING SCHOLARSHIPS IN ROTHSCHILDs OPIUM FOUNDED UNIVERSITIES ?

CHAKKAR KYA HAI ?

capt ajit vadakayil

..



Arul Selvi
April 7, 2015 at 2:50 PM
Hello Sir,

I think we need some clarification on the following "ANYBODY WHO DOES NOT CREMATE THE DEAD BODY IS NOT A HINDU".

Becoz, our family is a hindu family ( belong to Saiva sengundha Mudaliar caste) reside near Kanchipuram, Tamilnadu. We mainly worship Lord Murugan and Shiva. We follow the custom of buring the dead one in Sitting posture. We follow all the rituals. Kindly clarify on 'ANYBODY WHO DOES NOT CREMATE THE DEAD BODY IS NOT A HINDU'.

Arulselvi Murthi

ReplyDelete
Replies
#############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 7, 2015 at 6:36 PM
hi as,

SANATANA DHARMA HAD ONE TWO CONDITIONS.

1) USE YOUR CONSCIENCE ( DHARMA ).

2) WHEN YOU DIE YOU MUST CREMATE ( this is the very foundation of Hindusim-- REINCARNATION BASED ON KARMA )

once these two conditions are met -you are a HINDU.

IF YOU BURY AFTER DEATH- YOU ARE NOT A HINDU- AND YOUR SOUL IS TRAPPED ON EARTH FOREVER .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/rip-impossible-with-burial-world-is.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/dharma-in-hinduism-core-values-of.html


capt ajit vadakayil
..


Ganesh
February 24, 2014 at 4:57 AM
Many Thanks Captain, did not wanted to waste your imp. time by writing this thanks "Comment" but couldnt resist. !!!
Apart from this i have read your blog twice : RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL . but need to know how Rothsshild or anyone started this Burial thing in our religion, if i know this then i also can think of creating my WILL which says " i should be cremated after my death"

Delete
#############

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 24, 2014 at 6:35 AM
hi g,

shiva is incomplete without brahma and vishnu.

shiva is an energy field which has been personalised.

no veerashaiva lingayat can just say-- i do NOT believe in the other fields which balance and sustain it.

this is magic.

at home your septic tank for sh#t has ANAEROBIC bacteria-- they die in oxygen and survive on methane.

on ship our SEWAGE treatment plant tank has AEROBIC BACTERIA ( sustained by air blowers which run like the human heart--always ) and the bacteria survives on oxygen .

now if you open out the slab of your home septic tank, the anaerobic bacteria will die -- and the sh#t will start stinking.

but like MAGIC as the methane dependant bacteria dies, a mediator field causes oxygen dependant bacteria to be born as a substitute.

this is the miracle of BRAHMA ( creator ) -- VISHNU ( mediator ) --SHIVA ( destroyer )

so can shiva exists on its own ?

absolutely not !

punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL .

i wish all your community knows about this truth !

capt ajit vadakayil

..

LET ME BE FRANK.

IF I HAVE A LIVE TV DEBATE WITH ANY JANGAM ( GURU ) OF LINGAYATS - I CAN SHOW HOW LITTLE THEY KNOW OF THEIR OWN RELIGION.

R KNEW MORE ABOUT HIS OWN RELIGION THAN THE CURRENT LINGAYAT OFFICE BEARERS .

WHEN A JANGAMs FEET IS WASHED WITH WATER THE LIQUID IS NOW KOSHER- NAMED DHULODAKA  --HOLY WATER.

ANY NON BRAHMIN OR NON LINGAYATH WHO WANTS TO BE A LINGAYAT MUST DRINK THIS FEET WASH WATER.

The child has then to be pre- sented to the god Siva in the person of a Jangam, or Lingayat priest, who is summoned for the purpose ; on his arrival, the parents wash his feet.

The water in which the feet are washed is described as the tirtha or charana tirtha of Siva.

This FOOT WASHED tirtha is next poured over the linga attached to the infant. The Jangam is fed, and a portion of the cooked food from the dish is placed in the child's mouth. This final ceremony is known as prasada. ( the Tamil Lingayats cried it is a sacrilege to wash the lingam with the FOOT WASHED tirtha.) 

Occasionally the double character of guru and Jangam are combined in one person.

NOTE : IN HINDUISM NO SHANKARACHARYA ( OF ORIGINAL MUTT ) S GIVEN ANY SUCH FOOT WASH  IMPORTANCE - FOR WE HINDUS DO NOT HAVE THE CONCEPT OF MESSIAH .

For baptism , the guru binds the  linga on the child, besmears it with vibhiiti (ashes),  places a garland of rudraksha (fruits of Elceocarpus  Ganitrus) round its neck, and teaches it the mystic  mantra of '** Namah Shivaya." ( note Hindu King mantra OM is missing )

After killing Tipu Sultan the kingdom of Mysore was handed over on a platter to Wodeyars in 1799. The condition R placed was that there would be a new state religion and that he would have to push it  (lingayat ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

R PLANNED WELL IN ADVANCE .   

Isko boltha hai vision and execution.

Lingayats were NOT supposed to go to Sringeri Mutt and  Tirupati, once the religion took root.  This is why today Lingayaths go to Ulavi, Basava Kalyana and Kodalasangam. Pilrimages are NOT allowed in the Lingayat religion though.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/my-visit-to-sringeri-mutt-exhuming.html

The following description of the ishtalingama as per CP brown ( taken from the Bombay Gazetteer for Bijapur  ). 

"It consists of two discs, the lower one circular about one-eighth of  an inch thick, the upper slightly elongated. Each disc  is about three-quarters of an inch in diameter, and is  separated by a deep groove about an eighth of an inch  broad. From the centre of the upper disc, which is  slightly rounded, rises a pea-like knob about a quarter  of an inch long and three-quarters of an inch round,  giving the stone lingam a total height of nearly three-  quarters of an inch. This knob is called the ban or  arrow. The upper disc is called jalhari, that is the water  carrier, because this part of a full-sized lingam is grooved  to carry off the water which is poured over the central  knob. It is also called pita, that is the seat, and pithak  the little seat. Over the lingam, to keep it from harm,  is plastered a black mixture of clay, cowdung ashes, and  marking-nut juice. This coating, which is called kauthi  or the cover, entirely hides the shape of the enclosed  lingam. It forms a smooth black slightly truncated cone, not unlike a dark betel nut, about three-quarters of  an inch high, and narrowing from three-quarters of an  inch at the base to half an inch across the top."


The lingam itself, which is re-  garded as the home of the deity, is generally made of grey  soapstone brought from Parvatgiri (Srisaila) in the Kuniool district It is brought by a class of people called Kambi Jangams.

R made a serial killer mistake.   His stooge CP Brown made a mistake of writing something.  In his thesis on Basava, he noted that Basava is the “counterpart of Martin Luther “ – a Jew created Christianity wedging apart hatchet man.   

The only difference is that Martin Luther was REAL .  He was NOT created and backdated.  


To counter act SHIVA force Basava who ignored Vishnu --  R created VISHNU forces Madhavacharya and Chaitanya Mahaprabhu ( ISKON ) –with Krishna avatar and his FAKE mistress Radha, as supreme – Shiva being totally ignored...


Devadasis were called Basavis in Karnataka State In Karnataka,  old devadasis are called as `Jogati' and young devadasis as `Basavi'.  

The term `Basavi' refers to feminine form of `Basava' a bull which roams the village at will without any restriction.  Hence `Basavi' alludes to the foot loose position of the woman.  

In Yellampura village almost everybody worships Yellamma deity.  A dominant caste like Lingayats acknowledge Yellamma  ( created by R  ) as their family deity. The lingayath community was made almost like Christianity with a military style pecking order-with Jangams , Settis etc.

The white invader took full advantage by controlling their FAKE Lingayat mutts to get petite girls  Devadasis ) for FREE SEX in their brothels  Devadasis .  The R created Khandoba girls were also Devadasis.

Like how the Karnataka Lingayath girls were devoted to Yellamma , the Maharashtrian girls (Muralis ) were devoted to Khandoba (  a diety created by R )  .    Murali, whose token marriage is performed with the dagger of Khandoba, remains unmarried throughout her life and leads a life same as devadasi of Yellama.  

The girl after her first menses is then forbidden to become the wedded wife of any man, and she now has to service the white man in a whore house . 

Triple Sri is nowadays singing the praises of GOD Khandoba-and setting guinness book of world records .

On first or second Saturday coming after the Hindu New Years Day ( Chitpavan Jews Gudi Padawa), the devadasis were screwed in public — stopped 103 years ago.  

This is now replaced by another tradition called OKALI  which was stopped 30 years ago ,after the Bene Israel Chitpavans migrated to Israel.  

It is a festival like 'Rang Panchami'. The Chitpavan Brahmins s assemble around a pool of coloured water in front of the town temple.  

Young devadasis were made to wear the thinnest sarees with no blouse or underwear. The coloured water is poured over the devadasis who look absolutely  naked . The boys do everything except penetrate their orifices . Some would be masturbating . This happens in the name of god 'Bili Kallappa'. 

The Karnataka Lingayat Devadasis did "Sidi attu" in Madakeripura. This was also stopped  in  1987. 

The young devadasi girls was suspended with a hook in her back raised up and rotated . The entire crowd watches her vagina from underneath , with many foreigners taking pictures.


Good looking small Lingayat girls are identified by the white invaders  touts and tattoed.  Tattooing is ONLY done for females at the age of five and that too good looking ones.

THERE IS NO EASY ESCAPE FOR DEVADASIS  . 
 

A round mark, the size of a pea, is pricked between the eyebrows, on the right cheek, and on the chin. Other marks are made on the fore- head. These marks are also made on the forearms and hands.


Hullo –ever heard of R and what he did to Hindus ?

I DID NOT PUT THIS PARA IN MY DEVADASI POST – NOW I SHALL .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

IF I SAY ANYTHING MORE MY LINGAYATH READERS WILL PUKE.  

LET IT BE .


CP Brown corrected and published  the dvipada kaavyas, "Tale of Nala" by Raghava  and "The Calamities of Harischandra" by Gaurana Mantri .  Both Nala Damayanti and Raja Harishnandra and BACKDTED creations of R.  

Whoever reads the story of Nala and Damayanti would never be affected by BAAAD BAAAAD Kali.  Oh yeah ?

Indian President and Bharat Ratna S Radhakrishnan was knighted by the British in 1931.   He was sort of ashamed of this SIR title and nobody knows about this . You cannot be knighted unless Rothschild wanted it those days.

R used Radhakrishna to institutionalize Basava and make a R back dated creation into a real one..
Radhakrishnan spake  “Basava  gave to Veerashaivism a prophetic turn and a popular appeal.”
However Radhakrishan agrees with my post , where in I say that Jainism was in existence before the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC.

QUOTE - "There is nothing wonderful in my saying that Jainism was in existence long before the Vedas were composed."UNQUOTE –  S  Radhakrishnan.

Radhakrishnan used the word COMPOSED which is utter fu#kin' bullshit.  Maybe that is why he got knighted .

Capt Ajit Vadakayil uses the world PENNED down --  after thousands of years on the oral route.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kalidasa-did-not-exist-jainism-is.html


There is a great demand from Lingayat leaders who are Mahasabha office bearers to be  given backward, independent status...  a separate religion like Sikhism .  There are many foreign funded NGOs pushing this. The Lingayat people and Hindus do NOT want it.  The whole idea is to grab reservation in education and employment, which is against the basic teachings of R created Basava. 


R CREATED / BACK DATED AND GAVE HINDUS 330 MILLIONS GODS !! 

To created divided R created his own Vaishnava sects . he made them into North and South with different rituals .  They he wedged them to followers of Krishna ( black ) Yajurveda and R created Shukla ( white ) Yajurveda. 

Vishnu worshipping Thenkalai Iyengars allow non-Brahmin population into their fold and they sing Tamil slokas.

Thenkalai Iyengars lay emphasis on worship of Vishnu . Thenkalais do not ring bells during worship.
Vadakalais are 50:50 types and they assign an equally important place to Vishnu's consort Goddess Lakshmi.

They give more importance to Sanskrit slokas than Tamil. They tonsure the head of their widows.
Vadamas who settled in Tirunelveli in the 8th centrury came from Kashmir..

The Srivaishnavas hold that their guru Ramanujacharya, born in the first quarter of the 11th century, was a Vadama by birth.

The Thenkalai Iyengar community follows the Tamil Prabandhams, and recite Tamil slokas.
They are followers of Ramanuja.

The Thenkalais reject the caste system and accept non-Brahmin population into its fold. There is a Thenkalai monastry at Sriperumbudur in Kanchipuram district . Sir Thomas Munroe visited the Brindavana of Mantralaya village Andhra Pradesh for some investigation. He removed his hat and shoes and entered the sacred precincts.

The ghost of Sri Raghavendraswamy emerged from the Brindavan and conversed with him for sometime, about the resumption of endowment—in English.

The Saint was visible and audible only to Munroe who received Manthraksha (god's blessing).

The Collector went back and wrote an order in favour of the Math and the village.

This notification was published in the Madras Government Gazette in Chapter XI and page 213, with the caption ``Manchali Adoni Taluka.

This order is still preserved in Fort St. George and Manthralayam.

It was Swami Dayanand, who pretended to be a great Vedic scholar , who did tom-tomming propaganda that Brahmins are like head, kshatriyas are like arms, vaishyas are like stomach and sudras are like feet—just to needle the low castes .

Check out his book -- chapter four of his famous work Satyarth Prakash .

He writes that “ a sudra should serve the Brahmins, kshatriyas and vaishyas without disrespect, jealousy and conceit.”

And then pretty much the same way of BR Ambedkar , Dayanand wants sudras to be promoted to Brahmins on basis of his qualities and vice versa.

He said “ people will advance by adopting this system as higher class will be in constant fear of their sons being degraded into lower classes whilst the lower class will be promoted to exert them to enlist into the superseding classes” Dayanand is the guy who ran down Lord shiva –

“ On the occasion of Shivratri, Dayanand had to sit awake the whole night in obedience to Lord Shiva. One such night, he saw a mouse eating the offerings to the God and running over the idol's body. After seeing this, he questioned himself, if the God could not defend himself against a little mouse then how could he be the savior of the massive world.”

Hey, why did he NOT do this mouse experiment with the statue of Mother Mary or Christ on the cross, or on top of all the holy books of other religions ?

I have read a book on questions to Swami Dayanand the expert on Vedas by some reporters and devotees, about 15 years ago.

I can say that Dayanand had VERY VERY POOR understanding of the vedas and Hinduism. Who knows very soon we will have a Dayanand statue in London by the Thames river banks

Below: Just two hours ago Modi prayed to Aurobindo ( plea bargained to R ) statue at France .
  


Same way he did NOT understand the snake temples and called for killing of all the snakes. Lord Parashurama started the snake groves in Kerala to preserve the Ayurvedic herbs.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/king-cobra-and-snake-temples-of-kerala.html

By the way how many Lingayats know that their MECCA is Kudala Sangama in Bagalakot district of Karnataka, where founder-prophet Basavana merged with their type of God (Lingaikya).

R made a flag for Lingayats--- a saffron flag with a Hexagonal star with Istalinga . Sorry 6 pointed star has been usurped by Judaism.  

Never mind that this 6 pointed star is in most ancient Shiva temples—merging Shakti/ Shiva .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html

CP Brown created and back dated the following books to justify the existence of Basava who created the Lingayat breakaway religion.

( This is NOT as bad as one of my readers making a comment today in same post , that LORD SHIVA WROTE VERSES SAYING THAT DRINKING OWN URINE IS GOOD.   TEE HEEEE !)

   *     Poet Harihara (Hampe)1195A.D
   *     Palkurike Somnath (1200 A.D., in the Telgu language)
   *     Chamarasa-Prabhulinga Leele (1400)
   *     Mayidevaprabhu (Magge)[1430]
   *     Chaturmukha Bommarasa [1500 A.D ]
   *     Gubbiya Mallanaraya-Gururja Charite [1650 A. D]
   *     Maritontadarya [1560 A. D]
   *     Virupaksh Pandit- Channabasava Purana [1585 A. D]
   *     Lakkanna Dandesh-Shivatatva Chintamani[1428A.D]
   *     Gururaj [15th Century]( Sanskrit language)
   *     Maritontdarya[16th Century] (Sanskrit language)
   *     Keladi’s Basavaraj (Sanskrit language)


Lingayatism is a religion, the one who practices it is called a Lingayat.


Lingayatism is a religion, the one who practices it is called a Lingayat.

All these ghadi ghadi main stream media news ( paid news by vested office bearers ) that Veerashaiva Lingayats are NOT Lingayats - but just a branch of Lingayats  is PURE BULL.  

In fact Veerashaiva Lingayats are the real grain , the rest are chaff picked up on the way.  Now the chaff want the grain out ?

Rothschild created NEW religion had stipulated that Lingayatism was founded by BACK DATED Lord Basavanna . The followers are called Sharanas. The office bearers are now creating a pecking order of their choice based on political and caste leanings.

Central to Rothschild created  Lingayat theology are PANCHACHARAS or five codes of conduct .  

CP Brown had written that Hindu GOD  Lord Shiva is the supreme divine being and upholding the equality and well-being of all human beings.   

When R wanted to wedge Shaivites away from Vaishnavites –he used this SHIVACHARA part of Panchachara .  

Now the dalit office bearers are sponsored by foreign funded NGOs to shove out Shiva entirely from the equation-and along with them kick the ancient sect of Veerashaivas who are mentioned in our puranas.

The word Lingayat is the anglicised form of Lingavant, which is the vernacular term commonly used for any member of the community. . They acknowledge only one God, Siva, and reject the other two persons of the Hindu Triad.    Pilgrimages or fasts are NOT allowed--check out Vemana's poems . 

The cardinal principle of the faith is jangama Hngam or moveable lingam, to distinguish it  from the sthavara or fixed lingam of Hindu temples.




aahna
April 12, 2015 at 8:26 PM
Sir, look at this disgusting post http://www.indiatimes.com/news/india/akram-hussains-painting-of-lord-krishna-with-bikini-clad-gopis-at-a-bar-evokes-criticism-protests-231815.html
another M F Hussain in making

ReplyDelete
Replies
#################

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 12, 2015 at 8:33 PM
hi a,

RADHA, the mistress of Lord Krishna , is FAKE poison injected by the white invader using his FAKE DASAS --all created and back dated. 

They used ancient works of unknown poets , poison injected them and gave authors name as DASA--.

The Sikh Adi Granth is packed with DASA verses.

Bhagavata Purana 10.59.42-- is poison injected :

atho muhUrta ekasmin
nAnAgAreSu tAH striyaH
yathopayeme bhagavAn
tAvad-rUpa-dharo 'vyayaH

“ Then the imperishable Bhagavan [ Sri Krishna], assuming a separate form for each bride, duly married all the princesses simultaneously, each in her own palace.”

This alludes to 16,000 virgins ( gopikas ).

16000 gopikas never existed-- for it is an allegory.

SAHASRARA CHAKRA is a 1000 petalled lotus -- each with 16 kalas or aspects --this works out to 16000 .

this is NOT some girl who has sex with Lord Krishna --taking turns.

Narakasura kidnapped 16000 damsels --and Lord Krishna saved these damsels in distress.

this is just an allegory.

like Banasura the son of King mahabali - killed by Krishna ---though his great gandfather hiranyakashipu was killed thousands of years before by narasimha avatar . it refers to a cosmic allegory.

ALL DASAS OF BHAKTI MOVEMENT ARE FAKE BACK DATED CREATIONS OF THE WHITE INVADER - , TO DIVIDE AND RULE , MAKE THE HINDUS SELF LOATHING, AND DRIVE FISSURES INTO HINDUSIM .

kabirDAS of immaculate conception , who floated on a lotus leaf ( like krishna ) down ganges river to be found by a Muslim weaver couple did NOT exist . hence the question of sant rampal being a re-incarnation of kabirdas does NOT arise at all . 

kaliDAS who wrote about the FAKE mistress of lord krishna RADHA did not exists . so did surDAS who extolled the virtues of the FAKE radha . rothschild included verses of surdas in the holy book of sikhs guru granth sahib .

tulsiDAS who wrote about lord rama abandoning his pregnant wife sita who then delivered twins luv/ kush did not exist . Valmiki ramayana has no FAKE agnipariksha .

raviDAS and chandiDAS who again extolled the virtues of the FAKE mistress of krishna radha did NOT exist . 

krishna did NOT have 16000 virgin gopikas in vrindavan rather 16000 are dhatus of shasrara chakra .

punch into google search -
KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST VADAKAYIL .

THE WHITE INVADER DIVIDED INDIA DURING SLAVERY . 

IT IS DISMAYING THAT IN FREE INDEPENDENT INDIA THE BENAMI MEDIA HAS DIVIDED US MORE .

capt ajit vadakayil

..

CP Brown converted Telugu into a vowel ending language.   All the words in Telugu end with vowel.   For the words borrowed from other languages also vowel is added.

Among the first FAKE BACKDATED classical poems Brown corrected and published with commentaries , was 'Tale of Nala' by Raghava (1841).

CP Brown wrote summaries of the stories of the manuscripts he prepared for printing, and published them in this journal and in 'The Asiatic Journal (London).'

Basava is the subject of the Basava-purana, one of the sacred texts of the Hindu Lingayat sect. 

Wonder how R considered this book as qualified as a purana— for other puranas are 7000 years old.
The Basava Purana is a recent 13th-century Telugu epic poem.  It was written by some imaginary R created Palkuriki Somanatha ..   

The poem narrates the life story of R created and BACK DATED philosopher and social reformer Basava (1134–1196 CE), the founder of Lingayatism.    He is also known by several other names such as Basavanna, Basaweshwara, Basavesha, and Basavaraja.  It is also an anthology of several Lingayat saints (also known as Shiva Sharanas, devotees of Lord Shiva) and their philosophies—all created by R.


Later in 1369 A.D., it was translated to Kannada language by Bhima Kavi ( sic ), this version contains detailed description and in time was considered his standard biography.

Like his father David Brown, CP Brown also was a crypto Jew and  a Hebrew expert. 

Let me spare him from his sexual orientation. Rehne de !

This FAKE Telugu purana was first translated into English by C.P. Brown, in 1863.
CP Brown being an official in the region collected the works, printed them and saved some of the heritage of the Telugu language.  In his own words, "Telugu literature was dying out; the flame was flickering in the socket in 1825, I found Telugu literature dead.  In 30 years I raised it to life".
BAAP RE !

HAMAARA DESH MEIN AAJ GANDHI NAHI HAI
HAMAARA DESH MEIN AAJ NEHRU NAHI HAI
COUGH COUGH
HAMAARA TABIYAT BHI AAJ KAL KUCH KHORAAB – NAY—KHARAB HAI !

CP Brown created and wrote down a FAKE quarrel between the Lingayats and the Vaishnavite Brahmins. 

QUOTE:   Vedavyasa, the author of the Mahabharata and a fervent devotee of Vishnu, once went to Benares with the object of establishing the superiority of his favourite deity in that stronghold of Saivism. Within the precincts of the temple, he raised his hands aloft, proclaiming that Vishnu was the supreme God, when, to the consternation of the assembled worshippers, Nandi, the trusted servant and vehicle of Siva, whose sculptured image is found in every temple sacred to his master, rose up in indignation, and cut off the right hand of the blasphemous sage :UNQUOTE

BAAAP RE !

Sharana Mela would be their annual congregation to increase their numbers . A true Lingayath will NOT have a horoscope proclaimed R .

R got a FAKE  metaphysics  manual written for the Lingayaths - Shunya Siddhanta  , to rival Surya Siddhanta .

R gave the Lingayaths their own mystic philosophy called Shatasthala with a prophet Basavana. Nobody in India heard of such a Basava till the white invader came .

R also got Channabasavapurana written.  It is an epic shatpadi poem written by Virupakshapandita in Kannada.  This book narrates the life story of BACK DATED Channabasavanna as the incarnation of lord Shiva. Sorry, Shiva has NO incarnations nor dos Nandi the bull.

Channabasavanna also known as " Guru Channabasaveshwara " is touted as Basava's nephew and one of the foremost Shivasharanas of the 12th century ( sic )

R cooked up tall stories.

" When the God Shiva wished to people the earth, he created from his mouth five acharyas, namely, Marula Radhyacharya, Ekoranadhyacharya, Revanaradhya- charya, Panditaradhyacharya and Vishvaradhyacharya.

These five acharyas propagated the Lingayat portion of mankind.  Each of them founded a gotra, namely, Bhringi, Vira, Vrisha, Skanda and Handi, and their five seats are Shrishaila, KoUipaki, Ujjaini, Kashi and Balihalli."

R created a Gotra for every occasion !

Rothschild created his own BACKDATED god named Khandoba  . Today you find TRIPLE SRI sponsoring this German Jew created god.  R created the FAKE and BACKDATED purana Malhari Mahatmya to suatin this lie-HE GOT Chitpavan Brahmins to inject poison into the Sanskrit text Brahmanda Purana.

But hey—Muslims also worshiped this R created god OK ?

Let me quote Wikipedia -

QUOTE : The cult of Khandoba has linkages with Vaishnava and Jain traditions, and also assimilates all communities irrespective of caste, including Muslims. In murtis (idols), Khandoba or Mailara is depicted as having four arms, carrying a damaru (drum), Trishula (trident), Bhandara-patra (turmeric powder-filled bowl) and khadga (sword). Khandoba's images are often dressed as a Maratha Sardar,[6] or a Muslim pathan. Often, Khandoba is depicted as a warrior seated on horseback with one or both of his wives and accompanied with one or more dogs.[7] He is also worshipped as the aniconic Lingam, the symbol of Shiva.[8] Often in Khandoba temples, both representations of Khandoba — the aniconic lingam and the anthropomorphic horseback form. Khandoba's wives Mhalsa ( LINGAYAT WOMAN ) and Banai are also identified with Shiva's classical Hindu wives Parvati and Ganga. Hegadi Pradhan, the minister and brother-in-law of Khandoba and brother of Lingavat Vani Mhalsa,[17] the faithful dog that helps Khandoba kill the demons, the horse given by Mani and the demon brothers are considered avatars of Vishnu, Krishna, Nandi and the demons Madhu-Kaitabha respectively. Khandoba has many wives who are women from many communities, who serve as cultural links between the god and the communities. He has five wives, Mhalsa and Banai/Banu/Banubai being the most important.[20] While Khandoba's first wife Mhalsa is from the high caste Lingayat merchant (Vani) community, his second wife Banai is a Dhangar (shepherd caste). Marathi literature has a mixed reaction to the cult of Khandoba. Naranjanamadhva (1790) in stotra (hymn) dedicated to Khandoba calls him "an illustrious king with rich clothes and a horse with a saddle studded with jewels", who was once "an ascetic beggar who ride an old bull and carried an ant-bitten club (khatvanga)" - a humorous take on the Puranic Shiva. In another instance (1855), he is called a ghost by a Christian missionary and Konastha Brahmin ( CHITPAVAN JEW ) in a debate against Deshastha Brahmin.UNQUOTE

SO LINGAYATS ARE HIGH CASTE OK ?

ROTHSCHILD SAY SO !

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khandoba

YOU CAN ASK TRIPLE SRIWHO CREATES GUINNESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS IN KHANDOBA TEMPLE.

LINGAYATs GAVE AWAY THE FIRST BORN GIRL TO KHANDOBA TO BECOME DEVADASIS  – A PROSTITUTE FOR THE WHITE TROOPS – IMMEDIATELY AFTER HER FIRST MENSES.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html




Rothschild brainwashed the Lingayats with the ISHTALINGA thing so much that did NOT care about Lord Shiva’s denigration as an AGHORI – 




CANNIBAL SHIVA LIVING IN GRAVEYARDS ,  FEASTING ON DEAD HALF BURNT CORPSES . 

AT EVERY LITERARY FEST WE FIND OUR CHUTNEY MARYs AND PICKLE JOHNs DISCUSSING LORD SHIVA AS AN AGHORI .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html



Non- Lingayats, wishing to join the faith, have to undergo a three days' purification ceremony. On the first day they get their face and head shaved, and take a bath in cow's urine and ordure.  Except these articles, they are under a prohibition to drink or eat anything else that day.  

On the second day they bathe themselves in dhulodaka, i.e., water with which a Jangam's feet have been washed, and eat sugar and drink cow's milk.  

On the third or last day, they take a panchamrutham bath, i.e., they apply to the head and body a paste made of plantains, cow's milk, ghi (clarified butter), curds and honey, and wash it off with water ; they drink the Water (thirtham) in which a Jangam's feet have been washed ; the lingam is tied on by the Jangam, and the convert eats with other Lingayats.  

Women also undergo this ceremony, but in their case shaving is omitted.

Lingayats were encouraged to abuse Hinduism every which way.  They were sponsored by the white invader to hold noisy processions abusing Lord Vishnu.    



The Vaishnavites went to Bellary  court asking for an immediate stop to the display of the nandidhavajam and the vyasahastam.  The white judge was forced to rule “  no Lingayat should attempt it, on pain of being put in irons, and sent to take his trial before the Court of Circuit .... “

The white invader secretly gave fuel to the Lingayats . 



So, when the ORIGINAL HINDU SRINGERI MUTT Shankaracharya  visited Bellary in 1888, Lingayats petitioned the District Magistrate, praying that, if he was to be allowed to enter the town displaying his usual paraphernalia, their Lingayat gurus must also be allowed a similar privilege during their processions.  

In 1899, it was decided in a Civil Court that the bells used in the processions of the Lingayats should be rung with the hands and not with the feet, and that the Chalavadis, or bell-ringers, should not shout any Vishnu abuses  offensive to the feelings of Hindus.



HEY, WHEN WILL BRITAIN INSTALL A SHIRDI SAIBABA STATUE IN LONDON BY THE BANKS OF THE RIVER THAMES ? 

Below: Shirdi Sai baba was a Muslim whose dargah is still at Shirdi. He greeted every body with ALLAH MALIK ( Allah is greatest ) .  He did namaz 5 times a day till he died . and lived in a disused mosque.    

Instead of Vishnu Shesh Naag statue, can we have Shiva lingam water drip statue model? Thames river ka bajoo mein achcha lageega !!







IS THERE ROOM ON THE BANKS OF THE RIVER THAMES FOR 330 MILLION HINDU GODS WHICH ROTHSCHILD CREATED ?

As per CP Brown, the Devadasis  (dedicated prostitutes) amongst Lingayats are called BASAVIS. Polygamy is permitted in Lingayat religion (like Islam )  – but polyandry is strictly prohibited.  More DEVADASIS went to the whorehouses of the white British troops than any other sect in India.  

There is a HUGE anglo-Indian community ( rape products ) whose roots are from Lingayat religion .

The white troops liked the prostitute BASAVIS as they were slim, feminine and coy--and they knew the rudiments of Ayurvedic massage ..


The British white troops wanted variety in their COMFORT STATIONS ( whore houses ) . Younger the better.  The daughters of BASAVIS were compulsorily Basavis - and this meant the white troops could get sex from girls who had NOT got their first periods too mostly for oral and anal sex..


The whorehouses for the white troops had Natis from Assam, Muralis from Maharashtra, Bogams from Andhra Pradesh, Jogatis and Basavis from Karnataka, and Thevardiyar from Tamil Nadu— all generally clubbed as DEVADASIS .

Below: A Kannada movie ( IJJODU ) about a BASAVI prostitute .   Her GOD is now in London , by the banks of the river thames !!





The film is a story of a young photo journalist’s tryst with a girl who was made a BASAVI at the altar of BASAVA after her first menses .  The movie is based on novel "Nanu Konda Hudugi" ("The Girl I Killed") by Ajjampur Sitaram ('Ananda').   



The journalist succeeds in getting her out of her blind faith in prostitution but is unable to give her an alternative .  She is found dead on the steps of a temple pond.

I THINK I WILL SPARE THE LINGAYATs FROM TOO MUCH HEART ACHE -- IF I WRITE ANYTHING MORE LINGAYATs WILL FALL IN THEIR OWN SELF ESTEEM.

NOTHING IS GAINED BY TELLING SOMEONE THAT HIS DEAD GRAND MOTHER WAS A WHORE.

WHAT IS PAST IS GONE-- 

BUT YOU MUST KNOW THAT HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html



The office bearers (some in the payroll of Zionists ) of Lingayats must know that all castes included in Lingayat community follow the Hindu law of inheritance, and succession is governed by the same. 

Lingayats do NOT know that the way Rothschild made the Lingayat religion , their GOD is Basava.  But they are also supposed to worship Virabhadra, who killed Shiva’s wife Sati’s father Daksha.
R conveniently calls Virabhadra as the son of Shiva, which is nonsense.

When Shiva’s wife Sati self immolated- Shiva in a bout of extreme anger Virabhadra and Bhadrakali, some call as [Manbhadra], two ferocious creatures who wreaked havoc and mayhem on the scene of the horrific incident.   

Below: Virabhadra who killed Shiva's father-in-law Daksha.



Nearly all those present were indiscriminately felled overnight.   Daksha himself was decapitated.

Read the allegorical story in the post below.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/vedic-hindu-fire-temple-of-baku.html

Here is an excerpt from CP Brown –( R created Lingayat religion rules ).

QUOTE : It is a peculiarity amongst the Lingayats that they esteem the Jangam ( WHOSE FEET WASH WATER THEY DRINK ON BAPTISM)  or priest as superior even to the deity. They pay homage to the Jangam first, and to Siva afterwards.

The Jangam is regarded as an in carnation of the deity. They allow him to bathe his lingam in water with which his feet have been washed, and which for this reason is regarded as holy water.

With the same water they bathe their own lingams, and drink the remainder. The motto of the creed is "Guru, linga, Jangam."

These three words express the Lingayat faith, but in practice the Jangam is placed first, and, as stated above, is worshipped as god upon earth. This practice of bathing the lingams in holy water is universal, and pre- cedes each meal. The Jangam blesses the food in the name of Basava, and eats before the others can begin. : UNQUOTE 

As I have explained before , the Jangam is the priest of the Lingayat, and is called in for all ceremonies.  

In Hindusim we do NOT give powers to any priest – it is NOT allowed .  Even the Shankaracharya of the four ORIGINAL mutts ( Sringeri/ Dwarka/ Puri/ Badrinath )  are NOT given POPE type powers.  Nor there is a priestly hierarchy like in Christianity or the Lingayat religion.


The modern Lingayat has quietly scrapped all Rothschild’s rules. First of all he does NOT allow his female fold to become a whore for Basava.  Lingayats now  have horoscopes and consult astrologers for fixing auspicious days, and to officiate at marriages.  

The Ujjini mutt is still being controlled from abroad .  These are the same forces who put Basava statue in London.   

In Udipi the Hindus know how the Rothschild created and backdated  Madhavacharya  priests have grabbed power and behave like POPEs ( several ones ).  Their PARYAYA coronation rivals the Pope in Vatican.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/my-visit-to-sringeri-mutt-exhuming.html
  
Ujjini mutt of Lingayats are severely bigoted in its rejection of all Brahmin interference, though, with strange inconsistency, the elders of the community themselves claim to be UPPER CASTE Brahmans. 

Below: Such a person's FOOT WASH out of muncipality tap water , is more holy than Ganges water for the Lingayats --KOSHER control type.


Jangams ( dress code sample above )  are now studying Vedic Shastras, and may often be heard repeating Vedic hymns. It is all about grabbing mystique .


Ujjaini/ Ujjini is in Kudligi taluk of Bellary district in the Indian state of Karnataka.  Its around 14 km from Kotturu  .  Karnataka’s LINGAYAT mutts are centred around a POPE TYPE pontiff, in whom a lot of power is vested .
 
Most monasteries in Karnataka are associated with the Lingayat community. The Sirigere Mutt, runs a “court” every Monday to resolve disputes .  


The pontiff of the Murugharajendra Mutt, trains individuals in Lingayat philosophy and also grants land to some of those people who belong to the backward classes, to start their own mutts as long as they are affiliated to the main mutt .  

Land donations assisted by Lingayat politicians swelled the number of Lingayats. Drinking FOOT WASH is lucrative.  It is easy to check back the land donation deeds .


Let me quote CP Brown—Hey, Telugus do NOT have a monopoly over CP Brown sahib , OK ?

QUOTE :  The dead are buried in a sitting posture facing towards the north, but an exception is made in the case of unmarried people, who are buried in a reclining position. Before the patient dies, the ceremony called Vibhutidharane or Vibhuti achchodu is performed. He is given a bath, and is made to drink holy water in which the Jangam's feet have been washed. He is made to give the Jangam a handkerchief with vibhuti (ashes), rudraksha, dakshina (coin) and tambula (betel leaf). This is followed by a meal, of which all the Jangams present, and the relatives and friends of the patient partake. It appears to be immaterial whether the patient is still alive or not. It is stated that, if the invalid survives this ceremony, he must take to the jungles and disappear,  The death party resembles in some respects an Irish * wake,* though the latter does not commence until the deceased is well on his way to the next world. After death, the corpse is placed in a sitting posture, and the Jangam, who has received the offering before death, places his left foot on the right thigh of the body. The people present worship the corpse, and the usual distribution of coins and betel to Jangams follows. The body is then carried in a vimanam or bamboo chair to the burial- ground. The grave should be a cube of nine feet dimensions, with a niche on one side, in which the corpse is to sit. The lingam is untied, and placed in the left hand ; bilva leaves {^/Egle Marmelos) and vibhuti are placed at the side ; the body is wrapped in an orange coloured cloth ; and the grave is filled in. A Jangam stands on the grave, and, after receiving the usual douceur, shouts out the name of the deceased and says that he has gone to Kailasa or heaven UNQUOTE

—AFTER ALL ,   THE DEAD PERSON HAS DRUNK HIS FOOT WASH , RIGHT ?.


HINDUS ARE GRATEFUL TO THEIR DEAD BLOODLINE ANCESTORS.  

LINGAYATs MUST NOT CARE- THIS IS THE WAY JEW ROTHSCHILD WILLED IT .

CP Brown writes-

QUOTE : The performance of Sradh, or the memorial ceremonial common to other Hindus, is not to be done.  A Lingayat is no sooner buried than he is forgotten: UNQUOTE .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/pitru-paksha-shraadh-pitru-tharpanam.html

 QUOTE:  The Veerasaivas claim their descent from the Pramathas who belong to the Apprakrut Creation of Siva and contend that all the Non-Veerasaivas belong to the Prakrut Creation of Brahma.  The Prakruts follow the Rules and Prescriptions of Brahma, whereas the Apprakruts follow those of Siva.: UNQUOTE 




Above: Statue of Caldwell, "the pioneer Dravidian linguist", erected in 1968 on the Marina beach, Chennai.  For most dalit convert Tamils this white desh drohi is GOD.


R stooge Bishop Robert Caldwell  screwed the Tamils more –he splintered the whole of Tamil Nadu-for DIVIDE AND RULE..

Robert Caldwell, met CP Brown on a voyage from England to India and learnt Sanskrit on board the ship-how do you like that ?



########################################

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
November 11, 2014 at 8:09 AM
hi iht,

I WANT YOU TO PUT BELOW CONTENT IN MODIs, SWAMYs, JAITLEYs AND  IRANIs WEBSITE-- NCERT BOOKS MUST REFLECT THIS .

HAVE YOU SEEN HOW THE DESH DROHI BENAMI MAIN STREAM MEDIA MADE GURU DIVAS ( TEACHERs DAY ) A BURNING ISSUE .

###############################

Bishop Robert Caldwell (1814–1891) was an Christian Evangelist missionary and linguist, who came to India to poison Hindusim, by translating and printing books in Tamil.

He got into a deal with Tamilian Iyers for plum administrative posts in the British Raj. Rothschild gave him leverage with the FAKE KANCHI mutt ..

MANY RIDICULOUS AGAMA RITUALS WERE INTRODUCED WHICH MADE HE HINDU SELF LOATHING .

For poisoning the Hindu texts , in return he established Tamil as the oldest language—which gave an ego massage to Tamils Bishop Robert Caldwell academically established the Dravidian family of languages in a false immoral manner .

He served as Assistant Bishop of Tirunelveli from 1877. Poisoning Hinduism made atheists and British stooges like EVR Periyar happy. The Government of Tamil Nadu honoured his 'historic contribution to Tamil' with a memorial and issued a stamp in his name.

Every patriotic Indian must know what this white Christain man did to divide Hindus. For 50 long years Caldwell worked tirelessly to give stimulus to the radicalisation of the Non-Brahmin movement .
 Scotsman Robert Caldwell (1814-1891) who along with his wife Elissa Mault did massive conversions by offering sops.

The Madras Catholic Diocese, has been on a amazing campaign that, “Thiruvalluvar was a disciple of St. Thomas and that Thirukkural have been lifted from the teachings of St. Thomas—nonsense.

How could people like Karunanidhi allow this if they have some pride in Tamil heritage , culture and pride. Tamil culture is so ancient –it existed in 4000 BC as an extension of Saraswati culture.

The Hindu , an ANTI-HINDU NEWSPAPER keeps praising Robert Caldwell as a 'pioneering champion of the downtrodden' and an 'avant-garde social reformer'.

It Was Robert Caldwell, who wrote LIES that great Tamil kings were gullible enough to accept the title ‘Shudra’ when Brahmins told them that it was a title of honour.

He did propaganda that CUNNING ARYANS invented what is now known as Hinduism as a means to enslave Dravidians!

He drove the wedge of ARYAN/ DRAVIDIAN divide. EVR Periyar was instigated by Rothschild to demand for DRAVIDISTAN .

It was Robert Caldwell who firstly used the word “Dravidian” in 1856 . It was Caldwell who first wrote that the Dravidian (South Indian) languages had their own independent origin (Malayalam is almost Sanskrit due to Namboodiri migration from Saraswati river in 4000 BC )

EVIL Caldwell did majority conversions during famine times-deliberaely introduced by the white invader as a conversion weapon . Conversion happened en-masse by rice bags for SURVIVAL and even today the term RICE BAG CHRISTIANS is used. Deliberate FAMINE in India was used as a conversion weapon .

WE DESH BHAKT INDIANS WANT THE STATUE OF THIS DESH DROHI WHITE EVANGELIST- WATAN KA DUSHMAN ON THE CHENNAI MARINA ( a gift of the Church of South India in 1967 ) TO BE DISMANTLED., ALONG WITH HIS HOUSE ( MEMORIAL NOW ) IN IDAYANKUDI / THIRUNELVELI .

capt ajit vadakayil
..

################################
HERE ARE SOME MORE DETAILS OF R CREATED RELIGION LINGAYAT—LET ME QUOTE CP BROWN .

QUOTE:   The ninth Patala (Chapter) in Swayambhu Agama gives a complete description of the five renowned Acharyas in the Veerasaiva Religion and the Seats which they founded.  The Panchacharyas are Ghanta Karna, Gaja Karna, Renuka, Daruka and Viswa Karna.  These Sages are said to have acquired different names in different Yugas and their Seats are also named after their distinguished successors, who are Ekorama, Panditardhya, Revanaradhya, Marularadhya and Viswaradhya.  The Seats which they founded are respectively.

        (i)    Kedar in the Himalayas.
        (ii)    Sri Saila in the Kurnool District of the Madras Presidency,
        (iii)    Balehonnur in the Kadur District of the Mysore Province
        (iv)    Ujjain in the Bellary District and
        (v)    Benares.

The other Authorities are –

(a) Suprabhedagama, (b) Siddhanta Sikhamani, (c) Sanskrit Basava Purna by Sankararya and (d) Kriyasara.

These five Acharyas are commonly known as the Founders of the Veerasaiva Religion.  It may be stated that these are the five Great Canterbury's of the Veerasaivas of great antiquity situated in different parts of India and that all these Seats are occupied even now by the Veerasaiva Bishops, who exercise considerable Ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the Veerasaivas.

Lingayats can read more of EXTREME ROTHECHILD BULL by reading "Classical Essay on the Veerasaivas" written by  C. P. Brown,  published in the XI Volume of the Madras Journal of Literature and Science. 

So Telugus can stop monopolizing CP Brown.  

Share him with Lingayats - have a heart.

DIL CHOTTA MATH KAR !.


Professor Horace Hayman Wilson mentions of the Veerasaiva Seats at Kedarnath, Benares and Sri Saila in his "Royal Asiatic Researches."

ALL BULL OF THE FIRST ORDER.

Rothschild used Wilson to translate and propagate the English rhymed verse of ROTHSCHILD CREATED FAKE AND BACK DATED KALIDAS  lyrical poem, the Meghaduuta, or Cloud-Messenger.    

Kalidasa like every other DASA is FAKE and BACKDATED . Every literary fest has a discussion on Kalidasa and the FAKE Radha ( mistress of Lord Krishna ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kalidasa-did-not-exist-jainism-is.html

Below : HH Wilson , a R stooge 


Horace Hayman Wilson came all the way to Kerala to steal from Ayurveda and got the knowledge patented in England and Europe.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/fathers-of-surgery-and-medicine-4200-bc.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/edward-jenner-leech-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


Rothschild came to India and cried -

“ When Maharishis Manu, Bharadwaja and Satatapa prescribed that the Veerasaivas are to bury their dead and not to burn them - in their holy texts . Why are you cremating ?  Veerasaivas are fully supported by Veda-Vyasa in unambiguous language in the Linga Purana and the Skanda Purana too!
 "Virasaiva Dharma Siromani" clearly points out that each of the "Ashta-Avaranas" or eight accompaniments viz., Guru, Linga, Jangama, Vibhuti, Rudraksha, Prasada, Padodaka, and Mantra, is prescribed by the holy Vedas  THIS IS NOT GOOD ” 




This reminds me of a true joke.
One old man was standing in a crowded tram enroute from Kidderpore to Dharamtalla.
He had eaten rotten Hilsa fish ka macher jhol -- and he kept farting deadly gas.
Another old man sitting right behind his ass ( at face level ) cried “ This is NOT good !”
The standing man farted again.
Again , the man sitting behind him gasped and cried “ This is NOT good !”
This happened three times more.
Exasperated the standing old man cried “ I CANT DO ANY BETTER !”


CP Brown wrote :

QUOTE  :The Philosophy of the Virasaivas is called the "Sakti-Visichta-Adavaita", because, according to them, God is associated with Sakti which is the infinite divine Light or Power. The Sankarin uses "Tat" for which the Virasaivas use "Linga". The former uses "Tvam" for which the latter use "Anga."  The union of the two is denoted by the Smartas by "Asi", whereas the Virasaivas denote the same union by the expression "Samyoga or Samarasya" so that the Tattvamasi of Sankara corresponds to the Lingangasamyoga of the Virasaivas : UNQUOTE

TEEE HEEEEEEEE !

Mr. C. P. Brown wrote that there is HAJAAAAR  similarity between the Virasaiva Philosophy and the system of Philosophy of some of the ancient writers of Greece and Rome.

He compares the two systems as follows:-

"There is so remarkable an analogy between the Pythagorean Monad and the deity of Virasaivas that I cannot well avoid adducing the following brief deduction from the philosophic statements as represented in "Cudworth's Intellectual System." Second Edition, Chapter IV, pages 370 and 376. Pythagoras calls the four principles by numerical names, the Monad, Duad, Triad and Tetrad. A Virasaiva calls them by specific names. VIZ., the Lingam, Bhakta, Guru and Sivam i.e., the deity, the disciple, the teacher and the Supreme Spirit which pervades and unites all three."

BAAP RE !

"The subordinate beings (gods, heroes and demons) of Pythagoras answer to the Virasaiva Saints; all of whom are supposed to be embodied forms of the prime existence or lingam which answers to the Monad who is also "Zen." The Duad is the passive principle or disciple, he whose mind is the field for impression. The link between these two is the third principle, the Guru or Teacher. In his creative office, the deity is mingled with nature by Pythagoras and is all nature in the creed of Virasaivas."


"Love was the first orphic principle and so it is throughout the Virasaiva Creed. Yet it is a created Being; for it is a form or appearance of the deity. Thus the Lingam and the Sivam being the first and the fourth principles are one and the same. The Monas and the Tetractys are one."


“What Rousseau was to France, Basava was to Southern India”

BBBBRRRRAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY !



CP Brown has always more than 25 pandits employed in transcribing native authors, in preparing correct editions, in framing indexes and commentaries.   

Like homosexual and pedophile Lord Mountbatten CP Brown kept by rotation very young boys – he used them for other purposes , if you know what I mean !



GAY PARENTS MARCH WITH THEIR ADOPTED BOYS IN A WESTERN GAY PARADE -  WE WILL NEVER EVER ALLOW THIS IN INDIA .  

LET THE PRESSTITUTES TRY AS MUCH AS THEY WANT  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html




So So—

Basava fought against the practice of the caste system, which discriminated against people based on their birth, gender and other rituals in Hinduism.

SORRY THE CASTE SYSTEM WAS STARTED BY THE WHITE INVADER.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/untouchables-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


When R found that Lingayat was getting too powerful, he splintered them more.  

So, So, So--

Now there are five Prophets and they are ALLAMA PRABHU, BASAVANNA, AKKAMAHADEVI, CHANNABASAVANNA and SIDDHARAMA..  

Akkamahadevi is the Prophet of emotion, Basavanna is the Prophet of action while Allam Prabhu is the Prophet of intuition .


Today Lingayats constitute 19% of the total population in Karnataka.  Let us see how much more this community created by the owner of British East India Company expands.  

It is the Internet age. 

People have FREE CHOICE and are not MUSHROOMS IN THE DARK any more .


FUCK YOU CP BROWN !
******************************************************************************
WE WILL NOT ALLOW NET NEUTRALITY TO BE SCUTTLED, BY BIG BROTHER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE RISE OF BIG BROTHERSs INTERNET GATEKEEPERS 






HERE I AM -  YET YENOTHER TIME -  STARTING A NEW POST WITHOUT COMPLETING THE PREVIOUS ONE  ( ON CP  FU#KIN'  BROWN ) .

BAAAAD CAPTAIN !

EVEN HITLER IS TERRIBLY UPSET WITH TRAI !





Naveen PeriasamyApril 12, 2015 at 6:54 AM
Dear Captain,
Your opinion on "Net Neutrality"..?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfY1NKrzqi0
ReplyDelete






Capt. Ajit VadakayilApril 12, 2015 at 10:06 AM
hi np,

i will put a full post on NET NEUTRALITY in brief -in simple words.

ZIONIST DARLING APCO MODI , AND HIS SIDE KICK RAVI SHANKAR PRASAD -- ARE KICKING TRUTH EXHUMING BLOG SITES IN THE TEETH.

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Too much of fog is put on the internet , to keep people confused.

Let me put it is sailor language.

The municipality gives you a water connection.  They just connect a water pipe and the story ends there.

Now imagine –

The municipality created new rules and supporting fluid mechanics equivalent OHMs LAW technology – that they decide the pressure , volume of flow  and water velocity  – depending on what to use it for.

For drinking he will give you this package

For washing you ass after a shit he will give you this package.

For taking a shower- for watering your lawn, for washing you wife’s twat during menses, for washing your prick after a shag, for cooking BLAH BLAH BLAH.

Will you agree to this ?

What if Big Brother Rothschild  arm twists you, using his stooges ? 

Will you accept it ?

R has been given a FOOTHOLD in India by way of FDI in Telecoms.

R controlled Bharti Airtel , India’s largest airtel operator has now come up skippety skip with AIRTEL ZERO— ankh mein Ravishankar Prasad  brand Surma daalke !





Airtel Zero, allows consumers free access to select apps and websites with the cost of this data traffic being borne by the companies that have signed up.   



So, so -- if Flipkart signs up as an Airtel Zero partner,  you will NOT be charged for data you use while accessing Flipkart, and Airtel will bill Flipkart for that session.  

Shun flipkart.


Now companies can pay Airtel and have users browse their service free of data charges.  




Airtel had tried its slimy stunts 4 months ago, when they tried to introduce a plan to charge Internet telephony companies like Skype and Whatsapp a higher tariff.  They got their mangy asses burnt.



Airtel Zero flouts Net Neutrality as they tilts the balance in favor of the big cats with deep pockets

Below : Sunil Bharti Mittal with Lynn and Evelyn Rothschilds











Let me quote Wikipedia : QUOTE Sunil Bharti Mittal started his first business in April 1976[9] at the age of 18, with a capital investment of INR20000(US$ 310) borrowed from his father. His first business was to make crankshafts for local bicycle manufacturers. His father Sat Paul Mittal (1931-1992) was an Indian ( congress ) politician from Punjab. He was a member of the Punjab Legislative Council (1964-70) and a Deputy Minister in the Government of Punjab. He was elected as a member of the Rajya Sabha for two terms from 1976 to 1982 and again from 1982 to 1988: UNQUOTE 



Net Neutrality, requires that internet service providers should not prioritize any data over another.  Net neutrality, ensures that our ISPs don’t block, discriminate or override any data without the FREE citizens’ consent.  

This includes “bandwidth throttling” which means the information has been stifled by your ISP as per orders from Big Brother.  We will go back to the censored SIX MILLION JEWS DEAD age. 



Censorship is so easy . Make a TRUTH EXHUMING SITE so slow that it frustrates any attempt to access it . Already this is going on . Posts with too much of R and Z are taught a lesson .


Access free and open internet is the greatest technology of the current era and its management should NEVER EVER  be at the mercy of Zionist multinational corporations.  Big brothers ass is on fire , as too many skeletons are being pulled out .


How did it all start ?

In October 2007, US President Barack Obama was a supporter of  net neutrality.  In May 2010, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) introduced, strong net neutrality protections which stated that the ISP can not block any sites or impose limits on any user.

Just weeks after FCC passed such restriction, R controlled Verizon communications, a telecom company filed a federal lawsuit against FCC in Jan 2011.

Verizon Communications Inc. is an American broadband and telecommunications company, the largest U.S. wireless communications service provider.



There was a HUGE public outcry  - the free public cried foul .

On Jan 14, 2014 a federal appeals court struck down FCC’s 2010 rule.  

On the very next day a petition was created which went on to be signed by 105,572 users to “Restore Net Neutrality By Directing the FCC to Classify Internet Providers as ‘Common Carriers’. ”

Over the next few months the continuous proposals of rule-making were reconsidered and in Nov 2014, President Obama directs FCC to articulate strongest possible laws to protect net neutrality.

Finally on Feb 26,2015 FCC voteD in favor of the cause.


Below: Hulu videos are currently offered only to users in the United States and its overseas territories. Other regions are blocked by IP address location.




Airtel can screw Youtube ( the popular video comms ) and can push its own video app Wynk BILKUL PHUKKAT MEIN -- while charging you excessively to access SLOW YouTube.

We have to guard our Internet freedom.



TODAY MAIN STREAM MEDIA PRESSTITUTES ARE HIDING .  THEY HAVE DONE A RADIAGATE WAY TOO OFTEN .    WHEN DID YOU LAST SEE OUR BENAMI MEDIA BEING LOYAL TO THE WATAN ?    NOW THEY ARE THE FOURTH PILLAR OF DEMOCRACY ON ON PAPER ALONE -  THE PEOPLE OF INDIA DO NOT CARE FOR THEM.  



https://twitter.com/DeShobhaa/status/585870203461865473





FOR-    TO BE A PILLAR OF INDIAN DEMOCRACY THE NUMBER ONE CONDITION IS THAT THEMEDIA MUST BE LOYAL TO THE WATAN ( NOT THE CONSTITUTION OR A MAN ON A THRONE ) – AND THIS IS NON NEGOTIABLE.




Net Neutrality SUPPORTS the people – the vested  alternative favors  R controlled Zionist corporations.

R will again play godfather – as to who will be the winners and who will be the losers.

We cannot allow Internet service providers to play JESTER to big brother.

Filtering out the TRUTH EXHUMING bloggers and social media is the prime objective of this ruling.

Major International newspapers have less readers in a month than certain truth exhuming bloggers. 

Many of these TOILET PAPER  newspaper have been reduced to peddling porn pictures and smut to stay afloat .

Eliminating political dissent from the internet is the ultimate implication

THE JEWS ARE SWEATING OVER THE CHALLENGE TO THE ENGRAVED ON YOUR SPLEEN , SIX MILLION FIGURE .


If ISP’s are given the power to decide on payment rates / internet speed,  it is a GIANT STEP towards selective discrimination against sites based upon content.


Initially they will feign—OH , it is to prevent our good children from accessing bestiality sites – but the same immoral turds will give preference to HOMOSEXUALITY sites.


REALLY, SOMETIMES I WONDER OF OUR PM NARENDRA MODI IS A REAL SIMPLETON --OR IF HE REALLY A RAZOR SHARP ZIONIST AGENT .



We will NOT allow R’s Zionist gatekeepers to control what we read or what we see.

It is so goddamn easy to make certain sites so frustratingly slow that readers will never go back there again.

It is so goddamn easy for search engines to doctor their  algorithms lowering their spider bots selection of sites.


IF A BLOGGER SLAMS THE NEW WORLD ORDER OR ZIONIST BIG BROTHER - HE CAN BE MADE TO JUST DISAPPEAR – 

LIKE HOW ROTHSCHILD CAUSED NIKOLA TESLA TO DISAPPEAR .







http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/super-genius-with-occult-status-true.html


Net Neutrality is about keeping away  “Zero Rating” or making some sites free over others.  Telecom operators/ISPs are access services providers, and can control either how much you access, what you access, how fast you access and how much you pay to access content and services on the Internet.

Net Neutrality is about keeping away telecom-style licensing of Internet companies  -- selective gateways, selective speeding , selective winners and selective losers—where Zionist Big Brother does the selecting .



Net Neutrality is about ensuring that all sites must be equally accessible , with same access speed, with same data costs , no internet UNTOUCHABILITY  /  internet RACISM ,  no constraint on how much one can download or upload.


There must be NO tiering networks .    Whenever something like this happens it is always a bunch of wicked Jews at work.

Internet must be used to drive innovation and entrepreneurship.

Internet is such a blessing . Had the internet chosen to be parasitic or discriminatory  it would not have grown to the extent it has today.  



Abolishing net neutrality will pave the way for Zionist corporations ( like Monsanto ) selecting what news the general public consumes.

For example EVIL PHARMA will pay off Internet providers, and spoon-feed information to the public, as well as block websites exposing them – it is just a matter of  putting simple algorithms

We will NOT allow R CONTROLLED Verizon/ Bharti Airtel to block content and speech they don’t like, reject apps that compete with their own offerings, and prioritize Web traffic—we are NOT in fog—we can see clearly  .




The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) of our Zionist darling Modi givt, is presently being lobbied by the R controlled telecom companies  . Arnab Goswami may think the entire staff of Timesnow TV is loyal to him—sorry he must think again.  

There are NO secrets.



Airtel gives slimy excuses – they equate marketing costs with bandwidth charges and make the claim that bandwidth charges are a lot more affordable so start-ups - BULLSHIT – sorry, we are NOT in fog.

Ravi Shankar Prasad, must check out of  ISP’s and TSPs are violating the provisions of the Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Act, 1969 (MRTP) and the Consumer Protection Act, 1986 (CPA). 

If he has indeed checked –  then DO IT AGAIN.



TIERING meant was that the sites who chose to pay a higher amount, would have access to faster and reliable services.


Tiered internet seems INNOCENT –c ompanies that pay more get faster services.  However, this goes against the “end-to-end” paradigm that the internet was built on.

Tiered internet causes a  “gatekeeper” effect, which  allows BIG BROTHER to control matters.

This is the whole secret of this DIRTY game.

All control of what goes on through the internet should be controlled by the producer and the end user, not the intermediary MIDDLEMAN network provider that controls them.



By being able to regulate who gets to use the faster more reliable service, the network owners stand in between the content provider and the end user and elicit money from any bit of information that wants to pass.

The content provider can choose to pay the fee, the network owners make liberal profit, and the content provider passes the cost onto the consumer.  

Conversely, the content provider can opt out of paying and the end user is left with slow-loading and possible even degraded content.  Either decision spells trouble for the average consumer.  



THE  MONSTER OF BIG BROTHER IS LURKING IN THE FORM OF THE INTERNET GATEKEEPER.




Tiering will result in greater profits for the network providers at the expense of the consumer.

For the past FOUR months I have being asking BSNL why my internet loses speed drastically in the LAST 4 days of the calendar month.    The best part is there are many like me out there with the same question –

WE KNOW WHY !




BEWARE OF GIFT WRAPPED TURD- LOOKS GOOD ONLY FROM FROM OUTSIDE. 

Below: Modi is busy praising Gandhi in Hannovar Germany, before he and R stooge Jewess Angela Merkel inaugurates a Gandhi statue  -- he went ON AND ON -- repeating Gandhi's name a dozen time ! 

Modi saab, you can do all this -- 

-- the day you commit our brave Indian troops to fight ISIS with boots on ground , to please your Zionist/ Jewish yaars , check out what happens-- 

HIMMAT hai to karo !!

And Modi saab, if you bitch against Putin/ Russia while in Germany /Canada to please your Jewish langot yaars, you will be kicking Bharatmata on her teeth -- 

--of course you may get a Nobel peace prize from grateful R. 

But remember ,  the descendants of all Indians who got knighted by R before 1947, are hiding in dark holes today . 

WE INDIANS ARE WATCHING ! 
  


Below: All Zionist nations are busy making statues of Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr in their own countries .







BELOW : RAVI SHANKAR PRASAD - PUT ON YOUR FDI SPECS !



Below : VIKAAS MODI KA SUPER ACHIEVEMENT -  CHARKHA GHUMAAKE !   




MODI SAAB ARE YOU CAPABLE OF LEADING INDIA TO OUR FUTURE DESTINY ?   YOU ARE STILL SETTLING DOWN ON YOUR PM KURSI,   AFTER ELEVEN MONTHS, RIGHT ? 

I WANT "ALICE IN WONDERLAND AND LITTLE BO PEEP ROLLED INTO ONE"   PM NARENDRA MODI TO KNOW IN THE NEXT WAR WITH PAKISTAN TRIGGERED BY A FALSE FLAG ATTACK,  ALL ZIONISTS NATIONS WILL BE ON THE SIDE OF PAKISTAN









Below: India deseves to be in the UN Security Council more than UK and France.    India contributes maximum soldiers for the UN peace keeper force-- basically stand guard while R steals.

UNSC permanent members Britain and France still STEAL from their ex-colonies -- so that they remain thieves --NOT- beggars !



THERE IS NO NEED TO WORK BY BURNING THE MIDNIGHT OIL IN PMO , BY SLEEPING JUST 4 HOURS A DAY .

ASK ANY SAILOR WHO HAS SAILED WITH CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL ON COMPLICATED / SOPHISTICATED TANKERS

ASK HOW MANY TIMES THE CAPTAIN WENT TO THE CARGO PUMP ROOM, OR ON DECK DURING HIS TENURE  -

ASK IF THERE WAS ANYBODY ON BOARD WHO COULD TEACH THE CAPTAIN OR GIVE JAANKARI ABOUT A NUT OR A BOLT,  HE DID NOT KNOW OF .

KINGS AND LEADERS WITH SPIRIT GET PROPER FEED BACK !

IN HIS KINGDOM PARINDA BHI PAG NAHI MAAR SAKTA .
******************************************************************************
LAWRENCE OF ARABIA , TRUTH EXHUMED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ROTHSCHILDs AGENT AND SPY THOMAS EDWARD LAWRENCE .

THE PLAYERS ( JUDAISM PLAYS DIRTY WITH ISLAM )  :


Thomas Edward Lawrence Jew ( sponsor of Sharif Hussein )
William Henry Irvine Shakespear Jew ( sponsor of Ibn Saud )
Seven Pillars of Wisdom: A Triumph- BOOK
Harry St John Bridger Philby Jew   , Nehru’s Cambridge classmate,
Percy Zachariah Cox
Ottoman Empire
Ibn Rashid ( Muslims )
Gertrude Bell
Wahabi Abdul Aziz ibn Saud ( R darling and Donmeh Jew )
Hashemtite Sharif Hussein bin Ali , Sharif of Mecca
Balfour Declaration 1917
Sykes Pycot Jewish agreement
Winston Churchill
Rothschild
Sassoon
Jardine
Chaim Azriel Weizmann
Prince Faisal I bin Hussein bin Ali al-Hashimi
Prince Abdullah
Prince Ali
Prince Zeid
Faisal-Weizmann Agreement
Arthur Balfour
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Herbert Samuel
Donmeh Jews
Sultan Abdul Hamid II
Theodor Herzl
Sir Muhammad Iqbal
Young Turks Jews
Banu Qaynuqa Jewish tribe
Petrie Sir William Matthew Flinders
Muhammad Ibn Abd al-Wahhab
Lowell Thomas
Leonard Woolley
Armenian genocide
Emmanuel Carasso
Sabbatai Zvi Jew
Tallaat Pasha Jew
Djavid Bey Jew
Emanuel Qrasow Jew
Vladimir Jabotinsky Jew
Jacob Kann Jew
Mehmet Talat Jew
General Edmund Henry Hynman Allenby
General  Archibald James Murray
Auda ibu Tayi
Arthur Henry McMahon
McMahon-Hussein Agreement VERSUS Balfour declaration
Wadi Sirhan water belt
Mubarak Al-Sabah Jew
Felix Frankfurter
Louis Brandeis
Alfred Milner




The whole world has heard of Lawrence of Arabia .

However they know only the DOCTORED LIES which Rothschild’s historians have written .



If you think Jews have splintered only Christianity and Hinduism —wait till you read how Islam was screwed by the Jews.

However lot of you may have wondered why the Arab desert Kingdom royal bloodlines have always supported the Zionists and Jewish state of Israel / USA in DEEDS.   

While, their WORDS are diametrically opposite --

--such strange inconsistency !.

KHOON PASEENA LETHA HAI- PAISA DENA ROTHA HAI type words .

CHAKKAR KYA HAI ?

Lawrence was  just 5 feet FUCKALL in height ( 5 feet 4 inches ) — yet when Jew David Lean made his movie he chose a 6 foot 4 inch actor Peter O Toole to play his role.

This says it all— the HYPE  .

His entire life story is a BIG FAKE.



This post will be pretty long.  

Since I am busy it will take few days.

However Lawrence had come to Kerala twice.  



In 1921 he came to Trissur , for Ayurvedic treatment – a pineal gland massage. He wrote to his class mate and friend at Oxford VK Govinda Menon ( forest conservator in Kerala ) to arrange for the treatment.  

He was going berserk.

Below: Classmates at Oxford --  TE Lawrence ( left ) , VK Govinda Menon ( centre ) and Lawrence's unmarried mother Jewess Sarah Junner Maden.




He went through a 21 day Ayurvedic package supervised by the Ashtavaidyan Eledath Thaikkattu Narayanan Mooss, whose picture is below .



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/shirodhara-6000-year-old-massage-for.html



He was a of RAVING MAD,  GAY SEX MANIAC .



He needed severe flogging on his buttocks to have an orgasm and ejaculate- after gay sex ( receiving ANUS party ) .



Just before he came to Kerala, he was stationed in Pakistan trying to destabilize the Afghan king Amanullah Khan on Rothschild’s instructions .

There he frequented the GAY brothels of Lahore and Karachi.  He read of the services there from Richard Burton’s ( Kamasutra  author ) accounts.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/kamasutra-by-vatsayana-immoral-sexual.html

He was even married to a Muslim hermaphrodite ( has twat and large prick - sans balls ) Akbar Jehan for a while.  



History does NOT record this.

He went back from Kerala , cured of his sexual sado masochism.

Lawrence was frank enough to admit that he came to Kerala for Ayurvedic treatment.

Swami Vivekananda OSTENSIBLY came to Kerala “to see for himself the plight of the oppressed castes “ and “to sit on Vivekananda rock in mid sea off Kanyakumari to meditate for world peace “

Vivekandanda stayed in the home of D.A. Subramania Iyer, at Trissur and went to the Mooss for “ sore throat “— when he had more than 31 major ailments including severe Ashthma.

Vivekandanda visited the famous Kodungallur University where Jesus Christ studied.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html



Then he went to the southernpart of Kerala at Trivandrum and stayed with Professor Sundararama Iyer for 9 days.

After that Vivekananda went to Kanyakumari, the southernmost extremity of India, on Christmas day  1892.  

He reached Kanyakumari on December 24 and “prostrated himself before the image of the Virgin Goddess Mary and prayed for the welfare of his motherland and for humanity( SIC) “

Then he went by boat ( not swam the shark infected waters propaganda ) and reached the ‘Shripada Shila’, a short distance of the mainland.

Below: Ideal rock to pray for world peace and SAVE humanity for three full days - and also cure your sinusitis and asthma -the waves hit the rock and give a fine salt spray 



There he remained on a rock , to go though the THREE DAY , 6000 year old Ayurvedic cure of Asthma , Sinusitis, Rhinitis and re-activate mucous membranes . 

Many patients had done this before on the same rock ( they forgot to send a FAX to big brother after praying for humanity ) .

 This involves breathing in UNPOLLUTED  salt laden vapour .  

On Free Masonic British records , he meditated for three days and nights and returned to the shore on the fourth day - after praying for the planet’s welfare ( SIC SIC SIC )..



THIS IS CALLED KILLING TWO BIRDS WITH ONE STONE—



SAAMP BHI MARE, LAATHI BHI NA TOOTE !


Below: Lawrence and Lowell.




WHO WAS THE WORLDs FIRST EMBEDDED REPORTER AND PRESSTITUTE?

HE WAS A CRYPTO JEW BY THE NAME OF THOMAS JACKSON LOWELL , AN AMERICAN,   IN THE PAYROLL OF ROTHSCHILD.   

ROTHSCHILD USED HIS STOOGE AND CRYPTO JEW FDR ( ROOSEVELT ) TO LIAISE WITH THOMAS LOWELL .

Below: Lawrence photographed by Lowell.



IN BRITAIN ROTHSCHILD USED WINSTON CHURCHILL TO LIAISE WITH LAWRENCE OF ARABIA.

SLIMY PRESSTITURE LOWELL AND CLUMSY SPY  LAWRENCE WORKED AS A TEAM-   TO LAY THE GROUNDWORK TO CARVE OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL AND HAVE MUSLIM KINGDOMS RULED BY CRYPTO JEW MUSLIM ROYALTY .

Below : Rothschild's stooge crypto Jews Franklin D Roosevelt and Lowell



Thomas Lowell was fictionalized in David Lean's 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia as American journalist Jackson Bentley ( imaginary )

It was embedded LYING reporter Lowell who made a world hero out of Lawrence of Arabia.



When America  entered World War I, Thomas Lowell was Rothschild’s  embedded reporter. He would write LIES exactly as what his lord and master Rothschild ordered him to do.

Below: Churchill and his wife Clementine at Lawrence's funeral - dead men tell NO tales !  

Like Gen Patton , Gandhi, Luther King Jr etc -- TE Lawrence was terminated (in a motor cycle road accident) !!

Rothschild spent missions of dollars using TE Lawrence as a PIMP to bribe the inhabitants of Palestine to revolt against the Islamic Ottoman Turks.



Rothschild got his stooges in the British Foreign Office, make Lowell  an accredited war correspondent.

Today an EMBEDDED REPORTER is a common term—and so is the word PRESSTITUTE.

If a child buys an army kit in a toy store, the largest doll is NOT the soldier with his gun—but the LYING embedded reporter.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html

Lawrence was converted to a great hero who did superhuman feats of incredible bravery and human spirit , launched a guerrilla war, blew up trains , and harassed the Ottoman Turks at every turn-  ALL BULL.   


It was mostly PHOTO OPS by Lowell with several real actors pretending .  Almost like how Saddam Hussian’s statue was brought down by Kuwaitis ( in Iraqi dress) , and beaten with shoes – shown to the world .


Below: PRESSTITUTE Lowell in his US studio-the man who painted Lawrence larger than life and as a world hero.




Thomas Lowell was sent to Jerusalem to meet T. E. Lawrence, a captain in the British Army to form a partnership and act out a script given by Rothschild using his stooge Winston Churchill ( whose mother Jenny Jerome is R family) 

At the end of 1920, LAWRENCE A WORLD HERO,  was invited to join the British Colonial Office, under Winston Churchill, as an adviser on Arab affairs.   More than five million people saw the Lowells’s movie about Lawrence of Arabia and Lowell raked in millions for himself out of a FAKE story.

Below: The BLUE area is now Israel.



Lowell later wrote a book, With Lawrence in Arabia (1924),  describing in blow by FAKE blow detail his eye witness incidents of Lawrence's amazing  exploits during the war.  It would be the first of fifty-six volumes.

By making T.E. Lawrence into a world hero through his multimedia show, Lowell gave Lawrence the reputation and credibility needed to redraw the boundaries and appoint some of the crypto Jew desert kings and leaders in the Middle East.

Mind you, Rothschild make a HERO out of crypto Jew  Churchill the same way.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

Lowell made Lawrence such a SUPER HERO  that even Lawrence got annoyed. .  

Lowell gave Lawrence his outsized and inextinguishable celebrity status.  Lawrence found it tough to act out his superman role—such were the conflicts, tensions and absurdities inherent.

THE BIGGEST LIE WAS LAWRENCEs COMMITMENT ( SIC ) TO MUSLIM ARAB SELF RULE AND SELF GOVERNANCE.   

ALL THE TIME HE WAS IN A MOST CUNNING MANNER ATTENDING TO JEW ROTHSCHILDs SLIMY PLANS FOR ISRAEL ,  AND THE LANDS SURROUNDING ISRAEL.TO BE RULED BY CRYPTO JEW MUSLIM ROYAL BLOODLINES .. 


Below: Thomas Lowell




Today we know of RADIA GATE journalism , right ?

Lowell showed the extent a PRESSTITUTE can go in creating FAKE legends – yes, the amazing legend of “Lawrence of Arabia.”

Below: If US President Obama bends anymore - he will fall flat on his face !

This reminds me of an old lady who wanted to pull both the legs of a parrot at the same time .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/parrot-jokes-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



Lowell and Lawrence show us, how an EMBEDDED  PRESSTITUTE and DOUBLE AGENT SPY can make a CHOOT out of the whole world in converting crypto Jews to Muslims, commoners into Kings (with bullshit ancient bloodline legends) ,  to redrawing maps,  to changing politics — to creating history.

Not any more—

This FAKE  history ends today !


Below: Lawrence 



So what is the difference between LAWRENCE OF ARABIA propagated by Hollywood Jew director David Lean, and the same subject propagated by Thomas Lowell.

David Lean made a Hollywood movie based on the FAKE incidents written by Thomas Lowell.  In the movie there is NO Thomas JACKSON Lowell.   He was substituted by a FAKE character named Jackson Bentley.  The middle name is Lowell is Jackson- that is a giveaway.  

It is a historical LIE that Lowell spent only a few days with Lawrence.  Lowell was there all the while in LYING REALITY MOVIE mode .  Lowell fleshed out Rothschild scripted drama , very well almost like a movie made by David Lean— EVERY THING IS FAKE.

Rothschild did it in India in 1757 .

The BATTLE OF PLASSEY was such a drama.

Opium trader Rothschild took over India vide The Battle of Plassey in 1757.

The HEGELIAN DIALECTIC used was the black hole of Calcutta. It was tom tommed by East India Company that Nawab Siraj Ud Daula locked up 146 Britishers in a small dark ill ventilated room, out of which 123 died. The truth is only 58 people were in the room , out of which 19 died.. 

Adam Smith used this PEARL HARBOUR or LOUSITANIA type cause to start the Battle of Plassey in 1757, for East India Company to take over India. 

The battle itself is a white lie. The battle never took place. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive. 

Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in secrecy. 

Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/back-swing-of-john-galt-capt-ajit.html




Then Rothschild grabbed Tipu Sultan’s gold (  temple gold of Calicut king- my hometown ) in 1799 and became the world’s only TRILLIONAIRE .

A huge battle is supposed to have taken place. Again a FAKE drama scripted by Rothschild.
In 1799 Rothschild bribed  Commander General cum Prime Minister Mir Saadiq to kill Tipu Sultan , and then dressed him up and put him in the battle field outside the fort of Srirangapatnam , to make it appear that he was killed in Battle. 

Then of course as usual they fired thousands of rockets and guns merrily into the air, to make it appear that a great storming of the citadel was going on.  So much heat and smoke was released into the atmosphere , that the next day there was a terrible cloudburst.

No wall of the fort was breached, as written by British historians . The door of the fort were opened by Mir Sadeeq on 4th May 1799. . All Tipu Sultan loyalists soldiers were sent away by bribed PM Krishnacharya Purnaiya ( Mir Miran Purnaiya )  to stand in queue for collecting monthly salary, leaving Tipu’s palace  unguarded..  

Tipu himself was having his food, when he was killed  by a single shot from close quarters on his left cheek. He was also stabbed three times on his chest and later dumped outside on the field among the dead at dusk . 

The British did great propaganda that Tipu Sultans gunpowder and rockets were wet, as they deliberately flooded the armoury in the basements.  Well Tipu Sultan knows where to keep his gunpowder , and flooding factor is always taken into account.

The dirty truth is whatever rockets and gunpowder was supplied to Tipu Sultan by the French was Rothschild’s armament goods. The French ruler Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai was under the influence of Rothschild money. A few days after Tipu’s treasure was in Rothschilds hands they got rid of Phillipe, and gave him a good pension .  

None of the rockets would have exploded even if they were dry.  The British had the Maratha army and the Nizam of Hyderabad’s soldiers with them just in case Mir Sadiq could not deliver the goods. 

Mir Sadiq and his assistant Mir Moinuddin , who were bribed by Rothschild man Lord  Wellesely , were both murdered by the British and made it appear as if they were killed by Tipu Sultan loyalists. So the British made ousted King Wodeyar, rotting in Tipu's prison , the new king of Mysore.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html




French family branch of Rothschild always played the game of GOOD GUY BAD GUY with British family branch of German Jew Rothschild.    This system is now used by modern Industry barons .  Two brothers pretend to be at logger heads. 

One brother will be on the side of the ruling Govt , the other vehemently supporting the Opposition.  But at night they have a huge laugh over brandy and cigars – slapping each other’s backs ,  for making a CHOOT out of everybody and milking both sides..  

French and British family branches of Rothschild were always at loggerheads -for public consumption.




In 1857, Rothschild dropped all pretenses of being a trader and took over India.  


Below: Memsaab KUSH hua !  




India was NOT ruled by the Queen , but was ruled by the German Jew owner of a Opium drug running shipping Company named British East India Company.



The FIRST WAR OF INDEPENDENCE was a huge drama scripted by Rothschild. 

In our school NCERT books we have studied about STUPID Muslims being reluctant to bite off a bullet cartridge greases with PIG GREASE and the STUPID Hindus being reluctant to have COW LARD in his mouth. 




Below:  Even today, if you do NOT write the BULLSHIT what is below in IAS exams -you will fail !



Below: STUPID coolie Indians revolting over animal lard .  Even today in literary fests the Pickle Johns and Chutney Marys ridicule IDIOT native Indians -- if given a Union Jack , these wannabe JUDAS goragaands would wave it .



It was Rothschilds who ensured that the so called Sepoy’s revolt caused by animal lard,  was given enough time to spread slowly all over India in a CONTROLLED manner, before it was suppressed. 



Sikhs,  BR Ambedkar’s grandfather led Mahar Dalits and Scindias were on the side of the white invader. The rest of India was on the other side.
  
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/murky-truths-of-sepoys-mutiny-1857.html



BELOW:  WATCH THE FULL MOVIE- TO MAKE HEAD OR TAIL OF WHAT I WILL WRITE IN FUTURE ( the original movie was 222 minutes long )  



Above : Peter O toole and Antony Quinn.    

Lawrence’s bottom orifice was regularly  ravaged by Ottoman’s agent Auda abu Tayi  –  see what Rs monetary bribes could NOT wrangle Lawrence’s  asshole wrangled.    

Below: Lowell's photo of Auda Abu Tayi 


Lawrence was a ZERO without VIRILE Bedouin Auda abu Tayi.  I will speak in more detail later .  

In this David Lean movie- Antony Quinn acts for DOUBLE AGENT Auda Abu Tayi.

The descendants of Auda abu Tayi sued Columbia , the producers of David Leans’s movie ..  This movie does NOT show or even suggest  Auda being a GAY partner of Lawrence .  The Auda abu Tayi case went on for almost 10 years before it was dropped- by an out of court settlement .




Below: Indian soldiers fought and won the battle of Palestine and Jerusalem.   If I had NOT exhumed the role of Indian soldiers in WW1 and WW2 - their role would have been forgotten along with the donkeys and mules.   

Today Wikipedia accept my figure of Indian soldiers in both world wars.    

The white soldier was a COWARD - he could not even walk in the sands  !  There were more than 250,000 battle hardened tough Indian soldiers Egypt, many of them Gallipoli evacuees.

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war and  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war for Rothschild . 




In the fighting advance to Jerusalem from Beersheba and Gaza, the more than 20,500 Indian soldiers were killed .  

In WW1 total 111,000 Indian soldiers were killed.  

The Ottoman Muslims Turk armies lost more than 22,000 soldiers.   Out of this more than 2100 Indian soldiers were killed during the Battle of Jerusalem from 25 November to 10 December alone. 

During photo ops Indian soldiers were told to stand aside .  The brave Indian soldiers were used as cannon fodder.   



You will NEVER EVER see any Hollywood movie showing Indian soldiers fighting in both WW1 and WW2.  

According to Hollywood movies JEWS were the bravest !


TE Lawrence was Rothschild’s spy.  He has unlimited powers and money to play dirty games . To prove it, he got General Sir Archibald James Murray  replaced by General Edmund Henry Hynman Allenby and spAke on 29 June 1917- THIS IS A STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION 




Above: You can see Gen Allenby entering Jerusalem on foot through Jaffa Gate to show HAJAAAAR fake respect. 

Below :  Drone in WW1





The Muslim mayor of Jerusalem, Hussein Salim al-Husseini, delivered  the Ottoman Governor's letter surrendering Jerusalem but it was rejected .  This was to prevent avoidable MASSACRE of Muslims and destruction of Muslim holy spots



It was eventually accepted by Brigadier General C.F. Watson, commanding the 180th (2/5th London) Brigade.

Text of Surrender
"Due to the severity of the siege of the city and the suffering that this peaceful country has endured from your heavy guns; and for fear that these deadly bombs will hit the holy places, we are forced to hand over to you the city through Hussein al-Husseini, the mayor of Jerusalem, hoping that you will protect Jerusalem the way we have protected it for more than five hundred years."  

The decree was signed by Izzat, the Mutasarrif of Jerusalem. It was a huge blow to the Ottoman Empire, which had suffered the loss of yet another Muslim Holy Place (having already lost Mecca and Baghdad ) 



Below: A dozen cowardly New Zealanders died and they got a memorial.   




20, 500 brave Indian soldiers were killed - but counted among the dead donkeys .




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/secret-excavations-at-jerusalem-by.html






BELOW:  EXPULSION OF JEWS BY PROPHET MOHAMMAD .



Former Lebanese Minister Wiam Wahhab ( BELOW ) :  The Saudi Regime Is Used by the Jews to Avenge the Defeat of the Qaynuqa' Tribe by the Prophet Muhammad :

Wiam Wahhab: There are two types of Islamists. One type has a strong conviction with regard to fighting the Americans and their enterprise. They include some of the resistance movements in Iraq... We must not lump all the Islamists Together. 

On the other hand, there are Islamists who work for the CIA. They are steered and financed by Saudi Arabia. You have seen what happened here in Lebanon with Fath Al-Islam, which was a complete Saudi fabrication. 

It is clear that Fath Al-Islam was carrying out a Saudi plan in Lebanon and in the Nahr Al-Bared refugee camp, rather than a plan of resistance.


I believe that the Jews who used to live in Al-Madina returned, 1,400 years after their defeat by the Prophet Muhammad, in order to take revenge on the Prophet Muhammad, by means of this [Saudi] regime. I'm absolutely sure of this.

Interviewer: So you say that...


Wiam Wahhab: Search for the [Jewish] Qaynuqa' tribe. The Muslims know this. Search for the Qaynuqa' tribe, and you will discover what's going on with the Saudi regime today.

BELOW : AVENGING THE ANCIENT JEWS  BY R 




King FAISAL BIN ABDUL AZIZ AL-SAUD ( Saudi King from 1964-75 ) declared to the WASHINGTON POST on Sept. 17, 1969:

“WE, THE SAUDI FAMILY, are cousins of the Jews:  we entirely disagree with any Arab or Muslim Authority which shows any antagonism to the Jews;  but we must live together with them in peace. Our country (Arabia) is the Fountain head from where the first Jew sprang, and his descendants spread out all over the world.”

Lyallpur, the third largest city of Pakistan, was renamed Faisalabad (City of Faisal) in 1979 in his honor.


PAKISTANs FIRST CITIZEN IS A R STOOGE

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/sir-muhammed-iqbal-knighted-for.html



BELOW:   I WILL NOW TELL YOU HOW TE LAWRENCE WAS MURDERED - THIS HAPPENED EXACTLY THE SAME WAY SONNY CORLEONE WAS MURDERED IN THE HOLLYWOOD MOVIE GODFATHER .    




IN THE GODFATHER MOVIE THE MAFIA MADE SONNYs SISTER BEATEN UP BY HER HUSBAND-





AND THEY KNEW HE WOULD RUSH THERE ON A CERTAIN ROAD WITHOUT HIS ARMED BODY GUARDS ( PRIVATE AFFAIR BASHING SESSION)




IN THE CASE OF TE LAWRENCE THEY MADE SURE HE WOULD RUSH TO THE TELEGRAPH HOUSE ON A CERTAIN DESERTED ROAD ,  BY PROVOKING HIM THE PREVIOUS NIGHT . 





R used Churchill to get some payroll people to throw stones on the roof of his country cottage , breaking the roof tiles  shouting that ---

-- TE LAWRENCE IS HITLERs AGENT , AND THEY KNEW HE WAS GOING TO BERLIN TO MEET HIM.


This isolated cottage neamed Clouds Hill is near Wareham in the county of Dorset in South West England- and became a great tourist attraction after David Lean’s movie LAWRENCE OF ARABIA was released.  There were separate sleeping bags for his occasional homosexual partner..


After spending a sleepless night alone, a disturbed TE Lawrence rushed the next day morning with his motorbike – riding at full speed on a deserted country road towards the local telegraph station to send an urgent telegram.   He was set up neatly like Sonny Corleone..
  
On Lawrence's gravestone is carved these words: "The hour is coming and now is when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God and they that hear shall live."



TE Lawrence was told by Churchill to lie low , as he held a lot of Rothschilds secrets and he was forced to sign the British Official Secrets Act.   

Lawrence knew that he was being kept under surveillance and this made him sad and angry. 

After all he had covered more than 1200 kilometers on foot mapping the oil and water resources of the Middle East deserts  

He also planted FAKE Jewish Biblical/Genesis stone engraved relics which he would himself unearth along with Thomas Lowell- LIVE. Nobody had suspected anything .  


His mentor in Oxford University, Hogarth was involved in this, I will speak about him later 



Above: Lawrence ( hands in pocket ) with R archaeologist Sir Leonard Woolley unearthing HAJAAAAR artifacts  .  R stooge Charles Leonard Woolley discovered the GREAT FLOOD  in the Book of Genesis  after “identifying”  a flood-stratum at Ur- and got knighted   .   BAAAP  RE !.





Above :  Leonard with German Jewess wife Katherine Woolley excavating HAJAAAR artifacts. He knew exactly where to dig. 


BELOW: NOAH AND HIS FU#KIN' ARC





BELOW: OHH TERRI-- 
NOAH KA SKELETON ! 
BAAAP RE !
DHANNYA HO GAYA HUM !!!




HOW CAN SIR WOOLLEY BE WRONG ?  ALL SIRs ARE RIGHT, EVERY TIME !





Below : R stooges TE Lawrence and Leonard Woolley.




R unearthed Emperor Ashoka who converted from BAAAAD Hindusim to GOOOOOOD Buddhism the same way . R always knew where to dig.    

Kitna talented hai hamaara R !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

TE Lawrence was getting too friendly with George Bernard Shaw and Henry Williamson and Rothschild did NOT like this.

"The new age must begin ...Hitler and Lawrence must meet..." wrote Henry Williamson few days before TE Lawrence was murdered..

TE Lawrence was no longer in uniform and he was a liability . Rothschild got his monopolized PRESSTITUTES to hound him mercilessly-asking him when he planned to meet Hitler. They taunted him “ Are you prepared to become a dictator of England?” . 

The previous day some reporters threw heavy stones on the roof of his cottage he values so much . TE Lawrence came out and smashed the face of one reporter.  Though middle aged his was supremely fit.   

The next day on 13th May 1935 he had a telegram for Henry Williamson in his pocket and rode fast on his superfast Brough Superior SS100 motorcycle  for the telegraph office in Bovington camp.  




The letter from Henry Williamson proposing a secret meeting with Hitler was in his pocket along with the telegram.

Churchills’ spies watched him send a telegram . On the way back they waylaid him.  He was just 250 metres from his cottage when he was forced to swerve hard to avoid a headlong collision with a BLACK VAN.   



Four witnesses saw this including two delivery boys on bicycles, an army corporal walking in the field by the road.   There was NO reason why they should be there on this deserted country road.

After the crash the black van raced off down the road at full speed . The PLANTED witness army corporal ran over to the injured man who lay on the road with his face covered in blood.  

Below: Dead men tell no tales !



Almost immediately , as if on cue an army truck came along and TE Lawrence ( still alive and writhing in pain ) was dumped inside and taken to the camp hospital where a top security guard was imposed by Churchill . 



Immediately  Special "D" notices were put on all newspapers and the War Office took charge of all communications, which was a dead give away.   Police from Special Branch sat by the bedside and guarded the door. No visitors were allowed including family and friends . 



The cottage was raided and  everything was rummaged and all private papers were confiscated. Army intelligence interrogated the two PLANTED  bicycle boys for several hours to show the public that it was indeed an accident . The army corporal was instructed not to mention the BLACK van. 




There was a FEMALE VERSION OF LAWRENCE OF ARABIA .  

Her name was Gertrude Bell also mentored by Rothschild stooge Hogarth at Oxford University to do cartography and mapping of oil /water reserves in the middle east. 

Below: Lawrence sitting in car.  Gertrude Bell standing in white hat 



Both she and Lawrence was 5 feet 4 inches in height.  Now in 2015 a movie has been made by the name of QUEEN OF THE DESERT .  Gertrude Bell is portrayed by Nicole Kidman who is 6 feet in height to make her larger than life like TE Lawrence ( acted by Robert Pattinson ) . 



Like TE Lawrence she was also murdered ( sleeping pills in coffee ).  

DEAD WOMEN TELL NO TALES !



SINCE GERTRUDE BABY , IS BEYOND THE SCOPE OF THIS POST ,  I WILL JUST QUOTE WIKIPEDIA

QUOTE :  Gertrude Margaret Lowthian Bell, CBE (14 July 1868 – 12 July 1926) was an English writer, traveller, political officer, administrator, archaeologist and spy who explored, mapped, and became highly influential to British imperial policy-making due to her knowledge and contacts, built up through extensive travels in Greater Syria, Mesopotamia, Asia Minor, and Arabia. Along with T. E. Lawrence, Bell helped establish the Hashemite dynasties in what is today Jordan as well as in Iraq.[2]

She played a major role in establishing and helping administer the modern state of Iraq, utilising her unique perspective from her travels and relations with tribal leaders throughout the Middle East. During her lifetime she was highly esteemed and trusted by British officials and given an immense amount of power for a woman at the time. . In March 1907, Bell journeyed to the Ottoman Empire and began to work with the archaeologist and New Testament scholar Sir William M. Ramsey. she consulted with the two archaeologists on site. 

One of them was T. E. Lawrence. 

Her 1913 Arabian journey was generally difficult. Later, she was asked by British Intelligence to get soldiers through the deserts, and from the World War I period until her death she was the only woman holding political power and influence in shaping British imperial policy in the Middle East. She often acquired a team of locals which she directed and led on her expeditions. Throughout her travels Bell established close relations with tribe members across the Middle East. Additionally, being a woman gave her exclusive access to the chambers of wives of tribe leaders, giving her access to other perspectives and functions. 

In November 1915, however, she was summoned to Cairo to the nascent Arab Bureau, headed by General Gilbert Clayton. She also again met T. E. Lawrence Like Lawrence, Bell had attended Oxford and earned First Class Honours in Modern History. Bell spoke Arabic, Persian, French and German. She was an archaeologist, traveller and photographer in the Middle East before World War I. 

Under recommendation by renowned archaeologist and historian Lt. Cmdr. David Hogarth, first Lawrence, then Bell, were assigned to Army Intelligence Headquarters in Cairo in 1915 for war service. Because both Bell and Lawrence had travelled the desert and established ties with the local tribes and gained unique perspectives of the people and the land before World War I, Hogarth realised the value of Lawrence and Bell's expertise. 

Both Bell and Lawrence stood hardly 5'5", yet both could ride with great determination and endurance through the desert for hours on end. , Lawrence's and Capt. W. H. I. Shakespear's data about the location and disposition of Arab tribes that could be encouraged to join the British against the Ottoman Empire. Lawrence and the British used the information in forming alliances with the Arabs. 

While in the Middle East, Gertrude Bell become a witness to the Armenian Genocide. She remarked that in comparison to previous massacres, the massacres of preceding years "were not comparable to the massacres carried out in 1915 and the succeeding years."[14] Bell also reported that in Damascus, "Turks sold Armenian women openly in the public market."[15] 

In an intelligence report, Gertrude Bell wrote: She, Cox and Lawrence were among a select group of "Orientalists" convened by Winston Churchill to attend a 1921 Conference in Cairo to determine the boundaries of the British mandate and nascent states such as Iraq.[18] Gertrude is supposed to have described Lawrence as being able "to ignite fires in cold rooms . 

Throughout the conference, she, Cox and Lawrence worked tirelessly to promote the establishment of the countries of Transjordan and Iraq to be presided over by the Kings Abdullah and Faisal, sons of the instigator of the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire (ca. 1915–1916), Hussein bin Ali, Sharif and Emir of Mecca.[18]  Until her death in Baghdad, she served in the Iraq British High Commission advisory group there. Her work was specially mentioned in the British Parliament, and she was awarded the Order of the British Empire. On 12 July 1926, Bell was discovered dead, of an apparent overdose of sleeping pills. : UNQUOTE 


Anybody wanna read girlie thingy letters?

Yeh le !


http://gutenberg.net.au/ebooks04/0400461h.html


Below: Lawrence and Hogarth



Yeh, David George Hogarth kaun sa khet ka beet root hai re ?

When Lawrence enrolled at Oxford, he found a Jewish mentor named David George Hogarth, whom Lawrence trusted implicitly.  Hogarth took full advantage and converted him into a spy to carve out the state of Israel for his boss Rothschild.   

Hogarth put a Jew named David Samuel Margoliouth to teach Lawrence Arabic / Turkish languages , the history of Islam and details of Koran to impress the hell out of desert Arabs.   

See, R plans everything in decades in advance , in meticulous detail.   Margoliouth was in the payroll of R like Hogarth .  

R made David Samuel Margoliouth the director Asiatic Society. 
R made David George Hogarth the President of the Royal Geographical Society.

When R is happy, he rewards you well.

The JOSHUA PROJECT 2, DNA mapping has already done by Rothschild,   in India.   He knows who the crypto Jews are .   

They are all waiting in the wings to be activated when the time comes.   

At that time we will know who LAWRENCE OF INDIA is !

Rothschild agent David George Hogarth was a part of a secret society that controlled England’s foreign policy from outside of Parliament and the public view.  Jew Winston Churchill controlled foreign policy from inside.

In 1915, during World War I, Hogarth joined the Geographical Section of the Naval Intelligence Division.  

He created Indians spies from Oxford .  Such agents were responsible for bleeding Bharatmata’s precious resources like centuries old thick tree truck sandalwood , rose wood and teak trees –and were put in key posts.

He also was the acting director of the Arab Bureau for a time during the war, Hogarth was close with T.E. Lawrence. He worked closely with Lawrence to plan the Arab Revolt.

Professor Hogarth would go on, during World War I, to achieve the rank of lieutenant commander and become the director of the British intelligence operations for the entire Arab bureau.  . He was the keeper of the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford from 1909 until his death in 1927. 


Jew and Free Mason Elias Ashmole donated most of his STOLEN collection, his antiquarian library and priceless manuscripts to the University of Oxford to create the Ashmolean Museum ( glorified CHOR BAZAAR ) - a front for R.   Elias Ashmole founded a Rosicrucian lodge in London in 1646.

Below:  Kitna noble lodge hai ! Lodge ho to aisa !! 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/freemason-lodge-of-calicut-capt-ajit.html



The Carchemish site was excavated by the British Museum, between between 1911 and 1914 under the direction of D. G. Hogarth.  In 1911 on the field there were D. G. Hogarth  and T. E. Lawrence . From 1912 to 1914  it was C. L. Woolley and T. E. Lawrence.

Carchemish , is  ancient city located at south Turkey, north Syrian border on the west bank of the Euphrates River .  It was a PAGAN (Hindu) civilization in 7000 BC  with Saraswati ( Cybele/ Kuvava ) holding a Kalasha Kumbham and a book as their goddess.

Yazidis were further North.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/the-yazidis-of-iraq-ethnic-cleansing-by.html

Hogarth had a crafty brain.  He was under instructions from R to create the groundwork for kick out the Ottoman rule from the Middle East after 4 centuries of rule and also carve out the state of Israel.

This Jewish state would be surrounded by Muslim population wedged into two Sunni and Shia.  But these kingdoms MUST be ruled by Kings from bloodlines from ancient Jewish sects.

Democracy spells doom for Jewish Israel as their people do NOT look like local people –they would all be from Georgia ,Ukraine area ( Khazar ) .

These countries would remain desert kingdoms ruled by crypto Jews who would NEVER EVER attack Israel even if the entire population wanted it.  

Additionally  Suez Canal must be secured and also the vast oil rights in the region.

A MIGHTY TASK INDEED , WHICH EVEN 007 JAMES BOND CANNOT ACHIEVE .




BUT OXFORD PROFESSOR DAVID GEORGE HOGARTH DID IT – FOR HIM IT WAS A PIECE OF CAKE !

R placed his trust in Hogarth.    

Prof Hogarth recommended that Lawrence must receive a postgraduate scholarship award to join an archaeological dig at Carchemish. 

Hogarth prepared him well micromanaging his language , customs , map making skills and making him proficient with the history and ethnic sects of the entire area.  He put his through such a tough physical regime that it was reputed that Lawrence easily could lift twice his body weight and had the stamina of a marathon runner. .

Hogarth drilled Lawrence on the tactics and leadership of every major military figure and battle in recorded history, asking Lawrence what he might have done differently if placed in those situations. 

Lawrence excelled in every situation , even if was wedged between a rock and a hard place. When false flag attack, bribes in gold and charm could NOT do it - he has his homosexual asshole to fall back on .

At Oxford, Hogarth gave Lawrence first-class honors in history and let him footloose , in 1909. .  As a parting gift Hogarth baptized  Lawrence a special camera and a powerful German  telephoto lens. 

This was a powerful ritual which made him a spy psychologically .

Who is qualified to be a mentor ?

I used to be a mentor at sea . 

Rituals are vital . 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/mentoring-at-sea-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

On July 7, 1909, Lawrence boarded a ship headed for the Middle East.

He would now live with Arabs as an Arab.   Hogarth would make sure agents delivered enough Rothschild’s gold in consignments ( mostly buried in certain spot ) to purchase the allegiance of Jews and Muslims he deemed fit to follow him at the right time.

Next 4 years TE Lawrence would travel more than a thousand miles scouting the entire area. Once in a while Thomas Lowell would take his picture to show that he is indeed writing a Oxford thesis.

By end 1913 Hogarth officially anointed Lawrence as a British spy.  Lawrence knew he was working for R and was very cocky . Lawrence really loved and trusted his mentor Hogarth and was the perfect mentee, going the extra mile.

In November 1914 , Hogarth  appointed TE Lawrence to the Intelligence Department of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, Cairo.

Austria and Germany declared war in 1914 and aligned themselves with the Ottoman Empire, while France, Russia and England banded together against them. Lawrence was at  Cairo under the watchful eye of Hogarth.

Lawrence knew that he had to lie and betray trust.  In the desert everything depended on personal connections.  

Trust had to be betrayed.  .

He was forced to make promises to the Arabs that he knew, in the end, he and the British Empire would not be able to keep.

He made a CHOOT out of  Hussein bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca and his sons, Feisal, Ali, Zeid and Abdullah.  





The Rothschild land cake would go to crypto Jew Ibn Saud and his sons - in return for future oil .  

Below : Ibn Saud -picture taken by William Shakespear.


TE Lawrence knew that a Rothschild Jewish agent named Captain William Henry Irvine Shakespear had already drafted the the first treaty signed between Ibn Saud and Britain , the first international recognition of Saudi rule in oil rich Arabia. 

Below : William Shakespear .


Shakespear dies on January 24, 1915, Al Majma'ah, Saudi Arabia

This was the real reason why he could NOT get a gay sexual orgasm without being whipped - probably the spy had a conscience .

Below : Muslim Hussain Bin Ali loyalist TE Lawrence-  He became famous only because he replaced crypto Jew Ibn Saud loyalist William Shakespear ( who was killed ) .  Any idiot could make out that Lawrence was a CHAKKA with a large head mounted on narrow shoulders and a very girly giggle.



Rothschild used McMahon to make a CHOOT out of Hussein .

They had assured him that his assistance to Lawrence to dismantle the Ottoman Empire would be rewarded by an Arab empire for himself and his sons encompassing the entire span between Egypt and Persia, with the exception of British possessions and interests in Kuwait, Aden, and the Syrian coast

Hussian though bit the bait.

Lawrence knew that Rothschild had other plans.

Hussein's son Faisal was made king of Syria for a very SHORT period almost like a caretaker - the Middle East came under mandate rule of France and the United Kingdom both ruled by Rothschild . India was ruled by Rothschild before 1947, NOT the queen of England.

Churchill NAAM KE VAASTE  Faisal and his brother Abdallah kings of Iraq and Transjordan, respectively.

Kicking Hussain in the teeth ( using him like a curry leaf ) the British had supported Hussein from the start of the Arab Revolt and the Hussein-McMahon Correspondence, they elected not to help him to repel the Ibn Saud Saudi attack, which eventually took Mecca, Medina, and Jeddah.

Hussein was then forced to flee to Cyprus, before going to live in Amman, Transjordan, where his son Abdullah was king.  

After his abdication, another of his sons, Ali, briefly assumed the throne of the Hejaz, but then he too had to flee from the encroachment of the Saudi forces.  

Another of Hussein's sons, Faisal, was briefly King of Syria and later King of Iraq.

Hussein died in Amman in 1931 and was buried in Jerusalem.

NARENDRA MODI MUST KNOW THE EVIL ZIONIST MIND  . 

INDIA  SHELTERED JEWS FOR 3000 YEARS , SINCE THE DAYS OF KING SOLOMON - 

--BUT WHEN THE TIME CAME THE JEWS STOLE OUR ENTIRE WEALTH AND SPLINTERED OUR GREAT NATION AND ITS RELIGION  INTO THOUSANDS OF PIECES .

MODI  WHO PASSED THE ISRAELI BARAK MISSILE DEAL QUIETLY ( USING TWO IN ONE MINISTER ARUN JAITLEY ) MUST KNOW WE INDIANS ARE NOT IDIOTS -  

WE ARE WATCHING EVERY INCH OF HIS ZIONIST CAMP PROGRESS . 

IT IS SO EASY TO LAND UP IN THE GARBAGE BIN OF INDIAN HISTORY.

Jews have lacked gratitude - it was the Muslim Ottoman Empire which gave shelter to the Jews when they were being persecuted by the Christian Inquisitions - and allowed them to continue their money spinning Kerala spice trade. 

Today Zionist created , armed and funded ISIS is making Sunnis and Shias kill each other.

One day I will put a post on how Jews spiltered Islam into Sunni / Shia etc.  The Muslims are NOT ready for the revelation yet.

HOW DID THE JEWS SCREW EASTERN ORTHODOX CHRISTAINITY?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html

HOW DID THE JEWS SCREW BUDDHISM ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

HOW DID THE JEWS SCREW CATHOLIC CHURCH?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/protestant-christianity-created-by-jews.html

HOW THE JEWS SCREWED INDIA AND HINDUSIM ,  IS ALL OVER MY BLOG

But I will just show how Sikhs were wedged out ( Sikhs are NOT ready for full revelation )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

STOP PRESS:

AT EVERY LITERARY FEST IN INDIA , POET JAYADEVA IS A COMPULSORY  ITEM.

THIS FAKE POET WAS NEVER HEARD OF TILLTHE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA .

JAYADEVA  WAS CREATED AND BACK DATED BY ROTHSCHILD.

Jayadeva wrote ( sic ) the epic poem Gita Govinda, which depicts the divine love of Krishna, and his consort, Radha.  

But hey, in the Jayadeva poem Radha the mistress of Lord Krishna is greater than Lord Vishnu himself.

EVERY DASA IS A FAKE AND BACK DATED CREATION.

THE SIKH HOLY BOOKS GURU GRANTH SAHIB IS PACKED WITH VERSES FROM THE DASAS  AND JAYADEVA BY ROTHSCHILD STOOGES  .

NOBODY HEARD OF DEVADASIS ( PROSTITUTES MARRIED TO HINDU MALE GODS ) TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA .

Jayadeva was the first to write about DEVADASIS .

Same way Jayadeva was the first to write about Lord Krishna playing a flute for 16000 gopikas, whom lord Krishna used to frolic around with . . .

The Sikh Adi Granth is packed with DASA verses.

Bhagavata Purana 10.59.42-- is poison injected :

atho muhUrta ekasmin
nAnAgAreSu tAH striyaH
yathopayeme bhagavAn
tAvad-rUpa-dharo 'vyayaH

“ Then the imperishable Bhagavan [ Sri Krishna], assuming a separate form for each bride, duly married all the princesses simultaneously, each in her own palace.”

This alludes to 16,000 virgins ( gopikas ).

16000 gopikas never existed-- for it is an allegory.






SAHASRARA CHAKRA is a 1000 petalled lotus -- each with 16 kalas or aspects --this works out to 16000 .





this is NOT some girl who has sex with Lord Krishna --taking turns.

Below: Do we really have to explain to CHOOTS and moth eaten faces ( who fu#ks the French ambassador ) and those who attend literary fests ?



Narakasura kidnapped 16000 damsels --and Lord Krishna saved these damsels in distress.

this is just an allegory.

like Banasura the son of King mahabali - killed by Krishna ---though his great gandfather hiranyakashipu was killed thousands of years before by narasimha avatar . it refers to a cosmic allegory.

ALL DASAS OF BHAKTI MOVEMENT ARE FAKE BACK DATED CREATIONS OF THE WHITE INVADER - , TO DIVIDE AND RULE , MAKE THE HINDUS SELF LOATHING, AND DRIVE FISSURES INTO HINDUSIM .

kabirDAS of immaculate conception , who floated on a lotus leaf ( like krishna ) down ganges river to be found by a Muslim weaver couple did NOT exist . hence the question of sant rampal being a re-incarnation of kabirdas does NOT arise at all .

kaliDAS who wrote about the FAKE mistress of lord krishna RADHA did not exists . so did surDAS who extolled the virtues of the FAKE radha . rothschild included verses of surdas in the holy book of sikhs guru granth sahib .

tulsiDAS who wrote about lord rama abandoning his pregnant wife sita who then delivered twins luv/ kush did not exist . Valmiki ramayana has no FAKE agnipariksha .

raviDAS and chandiDAS who again extolled the virtues of the FAKE mistress of krishna radha did NOT exist .

krishna did NOT have 16000 virgin gopikas in vrindavan rather 16000 are dhatus of shasrara chakra .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kalidasa-did-not-exist-jainism-is.html

THE WHITE INVADER DIVIDED INDIA DURING SLAVERY .

IT IS DISMAYING THAT IN FREE INDEPENDENT INDIA THE BENAMI MEDIA HAS DIVIDED US MORE .

capt ajit vadakayil

..


 

Below : Rothschild wrecked the mighty Ottoman Empire using CRYPTO Jews . 

Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of the Republic of Turkey, the FIRST President of Turkey after the Ottoman Empire was destroyed was a CRYPTO JEW handpicked by Rothschild.

 

The Ottoman Empire was a Sunni Islamic state which ruled from 1299 till 1923 pulverised by Jews to whom they gave shelter from Christian persecution.     

The Ottoman Empire was most powerful  under the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent.-the Caliph of Islam and the tenth and longest-reigning Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, from 1520 to his death in 1566.

R would BLOW HOT BLOW COLD with Islam for kicks .  

In Turkey Islam was made liberal with women wearing mini skirts , while in Saudi Islam was harsh with women repressed..

Abdülmecid II was the last Caliph of Islam from the Ottoman Dynasty, the 37th Head of the Ottoman Imperial House from 1922 to 1924.  

His daughter Princess Hadice Hayriye Ayshe Dürrühsehvar Sultan was married to Damat Walashan Nawab Sir Mir Himayat Ali Khan Azam Jah Bahadur. son of the last Nizam Of Hyderabad --Nizam Sir Mir Osman Ali Khan Siddiqi Asaf Jah VII ( the richest man on the planet ) .




Above:  Princess Dürrühsehvar, Princess of Hyderabad ;  Caliph Abdulmecid Khan II of Ottoman Empire, and Nawab Azam Jah, Prince of Hyderabad ( Berar really ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/razakers-of-mim-operation-polo-to-annex.html

On 3 March 1924, six months after the foundation of the Turkish Republic, the Ottoman Caliphate was abolished and the Ottoman dynasty was deposed and expelled from Turkey. 

The Last Caliph of the Ottoman empire Abdulmecid Khan II of Ottoman Empire would be buried in Medina. I wonder if he would even have heard of the name Rothschild.

Blowing hot was done by R agent crypto Jew Hempher to divide Muslims and weaken Muslim morals by promoting "alcohol and fornication" and  “ to demolish Islam from within with Shia/ Sunni / Ahmediyya divide ” and to “ introduce a cancer cell in Islam “.

If you think Hempher was working alone you are mistake, for he himself wrote that he was just one among many.

TODAY OUR BENAMI INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA ,  PERCEPTION MOULDERS ON TV AND  LITERARY FEST PARTICIPANTS WHO TRAVEL FREQUENTLY ABROAD ,  DO THE SAME THING .

A leader of the Iranian Revolution in 1979 Islamic scholar Ayatollah Hussein-Ali Montazeri was the first to write that Ibn Saud House  Wahhabis are a bunch of Jewish  British agents from Najd.  I had one of my Pakistani Shia Officers telling me about this—he was a scholar in ancient Islamic studies , who studied in Kandahar.


Below: This is NOT Islam-- ISIS is NOT Islam





Let me quote Wikipedia about Ibn Saud who was chosen by R using his agent William Shakespear .
QUOTE :  In accordance with the customs of his people, Ibn Saud  Abdul Aziz headed a polygamous household comprising several wives and concubines.  According to some sources, he had twenty-two consorts. Many of his marriages were contracted in order to cement alliances with other clans, during the period when the Saudi state was founded and stabilized. Abdul Aziz was the father of almost a hundred children, including forty-five sons: UNQUOTE


If Koran does NOT allow PIG it also does NOT allow so many wives.

Only Islamic scholars from Kandahar know who destroyed Islamic dargas , who stole the Prophet’s treasure, which included holy books, works of art and innumerable priceless gifts sent to the city during the previous thousand years.  They know who removed the leather and gilt bindings of the ancient holy Koran and other Hadith books to make sandals .

DIGRESSION:


I HAVE A FEW TIP FOR THE MUSLIMS IN INDIA ,BANGLADESH AND PAKISTAN.
IT WAS A JEW WHO DIVIDED INDIA.

When India waS partitioned , Muslims did NOT want to leave India , this Jew created deadly riots, using bribed people -FALSE FLAG ATTACKS.

There are more Muslims in India that the whole world , if you leave aside Indonesia.

What is happening in Yemen is very sad.  

Innocent Muslim women and children are suffering.

Kerala has trade with Yemen for centuries as they were our spice middle men from ports Aden and Salalah.

Yemen imports almost all of their food and medicines

The bombing of Yemen by Saudi Wahabi dynasty CANNOT be “in defense of the Holy Mosques in Mecca and Medina .

Do you have any  idea which Islamic ( sic ) sect destroyed all the priceless heritage sites, Sufi shrines and dargahs related to the prophet?

It is better to liberate all Wakf boards from "radical" Wahabi influences- for lasting peace .

Almost 95% of Islamic terrorist funding are from Jews .  

Almost every attack of mosques  Sunni/ Shia ) are engineered by Jews as a FALSE FLAG attack. 

Most of your Islamic evangelist TV channels are run by Jews – and this includes a man who wears a suit with a skull cap.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, is grateful to Wahabi Saudis for saving him when  General Musharraf seized power in October 1999.   

ISI is infiltrated by Jews.    

Do NOT get impressed just because Qadri/ Imran Khan went against Nawaz Shaarif. 

LeT after getting banned in 2002 is now JuD ( Jamaat-ud-Dawa)

JuD ( LeT ) was responsible for the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks.  Many Zionist diamond mafia merchants were killed – why should Islam target diamond merchants ?.

Mohammad Hafez Saeed has proclaimed at public rallies that it is the duty of every Pakistani, and indeed every Muslim, to protect the “harmain”—the Grand Mosque in Mecca, which surrounds the Ka`ba, and the Prophet’s Mosque in Medina—from a Houthi onslaught..

At the top of the logo is a well-known couplet from one of Iqbal’s most important poems, “Dunya-i Islam” (World of Islam), in which Iqbal implores Muslims to unite for the defense of the Ka`ba..

Wanna know who is SIR  Iqbal –who was knighted by a JEW ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/sir-muhammed-iqbal-knighted-for.html

JuD asserts that the Houthi rebels pose an imminent threat to the Muslim holy sites in Saudi Arabia. 

To protect them, Saudi Arabia is fighting a defensive war Yemen .  .

BAAP RE !

Additionally, JuD claims that ISIS and the Houthi rebels are part of the same conspiracy, bent on destroying sacred sites.

Do you know who created , armed and funded ISIS ?  

Are you fu#kin’stupid ?

They stage is set for India and Paksitan to have a nuclear war – so that Zionist can hold the power on the planet. India will in less than 20 years be this planets’s No 1 superpower.  

The Zionist will create a FALSE FLAG attack.

The national debts of the Zionist nations can NEVER EVER be repaid unless there is WW3.

JuD is shouting from roof tops that  Pakistan as the “defense center” of the Islamic world and Saudi Arabia as the “spiritual leader.

JuD does NOT tell you that  to “defend the Muslim world”  innocent Muslims will have to be killed.

JuD claims that Pakistanis are ready and willing to sacrifice their lives in defense of the “Guardian of the Holy Sites”—that is, the king of Saudi Arabia-who is also the CUSTODIAN OF THE TWO HOLY MOSQUES..

WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME THE DESERT ROYAL BLOODLINE KINGS CREATED AND INSTALLED BY JEWS WENT AGAINST ISRAEL IN DEEDS- NOT WORDS ?

WHEN MUSLIM COUNTRY LEADERS GOT KILLED , THEY GOT REPLACED BY A LEADER WHO PLAYED BALL WITH JEWS , RIGHT--- THINK BACK !

Heard of Egyptian Mubarak ( Jordanian mother ) ruling Egypt for 30 years after Anwar Sadat was assassinated ?

Stop HATE inculcation in Madrassas.


YOU ARE BEING USED BY ZIONISTS !

BY THE WAY- 

THIS BLOG SITE IS NOT A PRO-MUSLIM ANTI-JEW SITE . (  I DONT CARE FOR EVIL ZIONISTS )  

ONLY TRUTH AND FAIRNESS MATTERS .


R DID NOT WANT INDIA TO TAKE OVER NIZAMs HYEDRABAD AND TRIED HIS BEST TO STOP IT.

NOBODY SMELT A RAT.

BUT INDIAN SECURITY AGENCIES WERE SURPRISED WHEN SEVERAL ( RABID ANTI-MUSLIM  )  ZIONISTS TURNED UP FOR ASADUDDIN OWASIs FATHER SALAHUDDIN OWAISIs  FUNERAL  . 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/razakers-of-mim-operation-polo-to-annex.html

WANNA KNOW HOW ZIONISTS DO REGIME CHANGE , WHEN PAST FRIENDS TURN FOES ?   MODI  IS NOW A DARLING FRIEND OF ZIONISTS ! 




GADDAFI WAS IMPALED FROM HIS BOTTOM USING AN AK-47 GUN BARREL .



CHANNE KE JHAAAD KE OOPAR !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/ethnic-cleansing-of-blackskinned-people.html

Gaddafi gave Libyans a better standard of living than European nations- I know , I have been there.

Below: Martin Luther King Jr told the enslaved and oppressed blacks-- give LOBE- nay -love to the white masters .


GANDHI TOLD INDIANS TO LOBE- NAY- LOVE THE WHITE INVADER WHO ENSLAVED INDIA , ROBBED BHARATMATA BLIND AND CONVERTED INDIA FROM THE RICHEST TO THE POOREST NATION ON THIS PLANET - GANDHIJI NE HUM KO AAZADI DILWAAYA - CHARKHA GHUMAAKE !

 

BELOW:  BOTH WERE CREATED AND ELIMINATED BY THE SAME FORCE - AFTER CURRY LAVES ARE USED THEY ARE DISCARDED, RIGHT ? - AND DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES !



BROWN / BLACK MAN KO CHOOTIYA BANAAYA  -  BRAINWASHED TO HAPPILY BECOME SLAVES AND LOVE THE WHITE INVADER ,  INSTEAD OF KILLING THEM WITH STONES LIKE MAD DOGS ON A SCHOOL STREET-- 

ZIONIST DARLING MODI PLEASE ANSWER--   

ARE WE INDIANS SUPPOSED TO LOVE THE CHINESE IF THEY ENSLAVE BHARAMATA FOR 300 YEARS AND ROB BHARATMATA BLIND AGAIN ?   

SHALL WE TELL OUR BRAVE JAWANS TO SERVE THE CHINESE INVADERS DOKKL AND HOT CHAI , AND GIVE THEM KISS OF LOBE- NAY -LOVE?  

OR THIS LOVE IS ONLY FOR WHITE SKINNED ZIONISTS.

MODI SAAB,  LIKE ZIONIST DARLING GUJJU PM MORARJI DESAI  ( HOLDER OF PAKISTANI RATNA AWARD ) WILL YOU DISMANTLE OUR SECURITY AGENCY RAW AND SACRIFICE OUR DEEP ASSETS ?

Below: Shall we tell our brave Jawans to commit suicide by shooting their own heads ( with calm fu#kin' courage ) instead of the Chinese invaders heads ?



FELLOW READERS--

 WHO ARE THESE MODERN JEW DARLING POLITICIANS WHO MAKE GOLDEN  EXAMPLES OUT OF THIS GANDHI / MARTIN LUTHER KING Jr DUO?    

PRAY?   

PRITHEE ?  

CHARKHHA GHUMAAKE !



I HAVE A FU#KIN' DREAM ! CLAP CLAP !!





I HAVE A DREAM WHERE WHITE , BLACK AND CHINESE PEOPLE CAN PLAY CRAPS IN A CASINO !




Below:  Rabbi Jacob M. Rothschild and Martin Luther King Jr. at the 1965 banquet which was thrown by Rothschild to  honor Martin Luther King Jr,  when he returned from Oslo after being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.  Wonder why Rothschild never gave Gandhi a Nobel peace prize.  




Rothschild’s speech,  drew heavily on imagery from Genesis-
“ In Jewish lore there is a legend of Adam as he faced the approaching night of his first day on earth. Darkness–the first darkness he had ever known–was about to envelop of the world–and he was afraid. For how was he to know that night and day were ordained to follow one another for all eternity, that God in His first creative act had decreed that “there be light”–and indeed, had looked upon it and called it “good?” For Adam, this menacing dark might well blot out forever that radiant sun whose rays had brightened and warmed his day of life”

BAAP  RE !  

SPEECH HO TO AISA !!  

BELOW:  GANDHIJI NE CHARKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZADI DILWAAYA ! 
HA HAA  HAAAA !

 


BELOW:    MODI SAAB,  EITHER PRAY TO GANDHI OR TO BR AMBEDKAR -- WE SEE YOUR LEGS IN BOTH BOATS . 

FOR THE FIRST TIME I AGREE WITH BR AMBEDKAR 

 

The western journalists  know that King Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia ( Ibn Saud dynasty,  Donmeh) SECRETLY attended the 1999 Bilderberg Meeting  ( 47th ) on 3-6th June, at Caesar Park Hotel Penha Longa, Sintra, Portugal, which was also attended by Henry Kissinger, Chuck Hagel, David Rockefeller, Robert B Shapiro (Monsanto ) etc.

IK Gujral  ( R commie in his young days ) were also in the secret Bilderberg  list of 1999.  

OHH TEERRRRIII -- WHY SMALL CHANGE IK GUJRAL ?

Bilderberg does NOT allow black skins and Muslims -- 

aiissa kaissa re ?.

 Vineet Jain’s wife is IK Gujral's niece.   Vineet Jain is the current Managing director of India's largest media group, Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd., parent company of The Times of India.  

Bharat Ratna Atal Bihari Vajpayee accusing Prime Minister I.K. Gujral of shielding Askok Jain ( Vineet Jain’s father ) -because, as Vajpayee said, "Jain is his relative".    

Ashok Jain ‘s father Sahu Shanti Prasad Jain was a business partner of R .  Sahu Shanti Prasad Jain’s father-in-law Ra mkrishna  Da lmia was a Opium agent of R.   

Indira Gandhi’s husband Feroze Gandhi sent  Dalmia Paaji  with 18 children in Tihar Jail for two years.  He had six wives Narbad, Durga s Pritam, Saraswati, Dinesh Nadini and Asha. 

Seth Ramkrishna Dalmia, was in fact reported by Time Magazine, to be the third richest Indian industrialist behind only JRD Tata and GD Birla—all R opium agents .

Most of the time when R media wrote “Gandhi is in Jail “—he was staying in super luxury in GD Birla’s palace.

In 1947, the turnover of R agents the Dalmias, Thapars, Shrirams, Nandas, Modis and Singhanias — accounted for 11% of the country's GDP. ( if you now add R agents Tata and Birla to this - how much percentage would it be ?).

Praju WishApril 19, 2015 at 2:58 PM
Dear Captain,

Why the authority in science of Alchemy is completely Hijacked by Arabs and Westerners...In internet, not even a single quote if reserved for India !!!!
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilApril 19, 2015 at 3:07 PM
hi pw,

every vestige of ancient arab knowledge was SOLD FROM KERALA --FOR GOLD-- TRANSLATED TO ARABIC.

today we see a funny man in suit and cap on TV telling his muslim audiences -

AL UL BURRR - invented math
AL HULL PRRRR - invented chemistry
AL GURR HULLL - invented astronomy .

LET HIM BE IN FOOLs PARADISE . HE DOES NOT EVEN KNOW THAT HIS ISLAMIC FUNDS ARE JEWISH.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/perfect-six-pack-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..


mythra81
April 19, 2015 at 3:24 PM
if islam is currently under the control of crypto jews does that mean there was no circumcision or ritual animal slaughter in islam before the religion was hijacked by crypto jews.....islam mirrors judaism in so many ways its a miracle that people don't regard it as a breakaway jewish sect

ReplyDelete
####################################
hi m81,

AAA  )KORAN DOES NOT REQUIRE MUSLIMS TO CIRCUMCISE.

BBB) MUSLIMS ARE NOT YET READY TO ACCEPT ANY REVELATION ABOUT BAKRID ( EID AL ADHA ) ANIMAL SACRIFICE.  

However , let me give a hint.

Only in Jewish scriptures Abraham is told by God to sacrifice his son Isaac.  

At the last minute it is stopped ( dhabih ) and a ram is scarificed instead. 

In Islamic tradition Muslims have been brainwashed to believe that Abraham was told to sacrifice his son Ishmail.    

KORAN HAS NEVER MENTIONED  SPECIFICALLY ABOUT ISHAMEL . ( Surah chapter 37 verses 100- 111 )

Ishmael is a ROLE model of surrendering  to God, an essential characteristic in Islam –

IT IS BETTER THAT ISLAMIC SCHOLARS DECIDE THIS RATHER THAN SOME JEW OR ZIONIST. 

Every Muslim scholar knows damn well that this  story originated from JEWISH rabbinic texts—SO LET THEM TRUST THE JEWS – AFTER ALL SAUDI ( Ibn Saud crypto Jewish bloodline ) / KUWAITI  ( Al Sabah crypto Jewish bloodline ) kings etc,  trust the Jews who say that Isaac was NOT born yet.. 

Ishmael is considered a prophet in Islam and is mentioned in theKoran.  

As a descendant of Ishmael, Muhammad is justified as the Prophet.   Ishmael's descendants became the Northern Arabs known as the Musta'riba .

Ishmael was almost always seen in a negative light in Jewish and Christian texts.

I KNOW WHAT IT IS  – BUT AS I SAID MUSLIMS WORLDWIDE ARE NOT READY.

EVEN HINDUS ARE NOT READY TO ACCEPT THAT LORD KISHNA DID NOT HAVE A MISTRESS RADHA – OR DID NOT FORNICATE WITH 16000 VIRGIN GOPIKAS.  -   -  -

OR LORD RAMA DID NOT KICK OUT HIS PREGNANT WIFE-   -  -

OR LORD SHIVA WAS NOT A CANNIBAL OF DEAD HALF BURNT CORPSES OR LORD SHIVA DID NOT GO AROUND NAKED IN DEODHAR FOREST WITH AN ERECT PRICK SEDUCING THE SEX CRAZED WIVES OF THE SAPT RISHIS ..

ALL SUCH IMMORAL STORIES HAVE BEEN CREATED BY R..AND DISCUSSED WITH GREAT RELISH IN EVERY LITERARY FEST  .

OUR SUPREME COURT WILL SEND YOU TO JAIL FOR TWO YEARS IF YOU SAY ANYTHING AGAINST NATION ICON GANDHI – GANDHI IS OUR SIX MILLION JEWS-ENGRAVED ON OUR SPLEENS  .

MOST MUSLIM INTERNET SITES ARE CREATED BY ZIONIST JEWS.

YOU THOUGHT JEWS SCREWED ONLY CHRISTIANS AND HINDUS AND SIKHS  – HEY , I WILL NOT EVEN TELL 10% OF WHAT THE JEWS DID TO MUSLIMS   . IT IS NOT WORTH IT.

BUT NOW ATLEAST THEY KNOW WHO CREATED ISIS , WHICH IS GIVING THE WHOLE RELIGION A BAD NAME  .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

####################

தென்னவன்
April 19, 2015 at 9:19 PM
Sir , I always think several times while putting any comments or questions in your blog. What I and (Prakash - another gentleman had asked you same question ) want to know is ... do we have any way to find the original vedas, ramayana , Mahabharata ?, I hope I am not annoying you.

ReplyDelete
Replies
###################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 19, 2015 at 9:31 PM
hi t,

carbon dating can be done on paper / palm leafs.

anything less than 400 years of age ( the white invader already in india ) - will be 99.9% POISON INJECTED.

the muslim invaders burnt books- they never POISON INJECTED - they were pretty straightforward . 
there was a raid by R ( masked horsemen- chitpavan JEWS ) on sringeri mutt - ORIGINAL YAJURVEDA and ORIGINAL UPANIDHADS were taken away.

the blame was FALSELY put on tipu sultan--

why should tipu sultan steal hindu spiritual books ?

he will burn it !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/my-visit-to-sringeri-mutt-exhuming.html


capt ajit vadakayil
..
##############################################

Delete

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 19, 2015 at 10:06 PM
STOP PRESS:

DARA SHIKOH THE ELDEST SON OF SHAJ JEHAN AND THE ELDEST BROTHER OF AURANGZEB TRANSLATED 52 ( out of the 108 original in sanskrit ) UPANISHADS .

YOU CAN TRUST ALL OF THEM.

AURANGAZEB MURDERED HIM IN FRONT OF HIS SON.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete
########################################
mula hasbara
April 20, 2015 at 12:53 AM
Sir,

I feel that the Original Vedas are still intact, lying in Rothschild Vaults & being used by zionist pet scientists to come up with so called INVENTIONS.

Thanks.

Delete
#######################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 20, 2015 at 8:07 AM
hi mh,

the GIANT SANDAL WOODS DOORS of somnath temple is lying in some R vault somewhere.

pray why ?

because the Jews have monopolised the star of david ( six pointed star ) while it is an ancient hindus symbol showing the merging of shiva with shakti as the sahasrara chakra.



YOU CAN SEE THE PICTURE OF THE SANDALWOOD DOORS IN THE POST BELOW-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/the-sack-of-somnath-temple-by-mahmud-of.html


MAHMUD OF GHAZNI ( A HOMOSEXUAL ) CAME TO INDIA TO STEAL THE SHIVA LINGAM --  AS AT THAT TIME THE BLACK METEORITE STONE AT KAABA MECCA WAS STOLEN BY A CRYPTO JEW SECT .

THE SHIVA LINGAM OF SOMNATH TEMPLE WAS HIDDEN BY THE HINDUS .

Mahmud of Ghazni took away the huge sandalwood doors of Somnath, for proof.

It was very difficult for him to lug these heavy doors back to Ghazni very far away. But he did.

These doors adorned his tomb when he died after 4 years , on April 30, 1030 at the age of 59 years, of Malaria inflicted into his tent from a pot by a Hindu priest, who went as a guide.

Mahmud would never regain his sapped energy to come back to India again. The same guide caused majority of Mahmud’s soldiers and horses to die of thirst as he led them away from water sources.

why did mahmud of gazni come all the way to India for a black stone?

the original stone consecrated by mohammad the prophet in the SE corner of Kaaba mecca , 5 feet above the ground horizontally was stolen.



Qarmatian leader Abu Tahir al-Qarmati uprooted this black meteorite stone , heavier than steel and set it up in his own mosque, the Masjid al-Dirar, with the intention of redirecting the Hajj away from Mecca.

He was successful and the Kaaba at Mecca lost its value, with the main attraction missing .

After much bloodshed , the stone was returned twenty-three years later, in 952 AD, but in pieces.

Somebody came threw a bundle and vanished.  




This returned stone weighed very light and when put in fresh water it floated.   So this was just a black pumice stone with gas pockets found at high heat volcanoes. 



THE ORIGINAL BLACK POWERFUL STONE WAS HEAVIER THAN STEEL OF SAME VOLUME  - THE CURRENT SMALL PIECES FLOAT ON WATER 


It was necessary to find a new heavy meteorite stone as replacement.  Till then these seven pieces of black light stones were black cemented .  This is what exists even today. This stone has been X-Rayed by the British .

These small pieces of black pumice stone was wrapped in a sack and thrown into the Friday Mosque of Kufa, accompanied by a note saying  "By command we took it, and by command we have brought it back."

The Qarmation sect that splintered off from the Ismailis in the late 800s, ruled what is now Eastern Saudi Arabia and Bahrain.

Abū-Tāhir Sulaymān Al-Jannābī on behalf of his brother leader Abū-Saʿīd Hasan ibn Bahrām Jannābī desecrated the well of Zamzam by stuffing it full of the bodies of dead Hajjis of 930 AD pilgrimage-- 



Below: Times have changed- deepwell submersible pumps 
extract zamzam water.








Below: Mecca was a trade customs's outpost of Calicut King - he also owned the ancient Shiva temple at the oasis -- Mohammed's Namboodiri ancestors were caretakers . The Calicut king Cheraman Perumal game permission to build the world's second mosque ( Cheraman Perumal mosque ) at his cultural centre Kodungallur ( Muziris / Cranganore ) . 

Below: Mohammad died in 632 AD




The ORIGINAL Koran was edited here - an EXCELLENT book of faith . 

Below: Presidient Abdul Kalam at Cheraman Perumal mosque




This holy book has undergone drastic changes , which the modern Muslims are NOT yet ready to hear about. 
.


BELOW: I HOPE JEWISH CREATED ISIS DO NOT THROW AWAY THIS 1400 YEAR OLD HINDU LAMP ( CONVERTED TEMPLE ) FROM THIS CHERAMAN MOSQUE - AN ITEM OF PRICELESS ANTIQUITY







KODUNGALLUR  IN KERALA HOUSED THE WORLD'S SECOND CHURCH, MOSQUE , SYNANGOGUE  .  THE SYNAGOGUE WAS DESTROYED BY THE CATHOLIC PORTUGUESE - BUT THE RELICS WERE SHIFTED TO A SMALLER SYNAGOGUE COCHIN KERALA , AND IS STILL THERE







The 360 Hindu ( Pagan ) idols in Kaaba was looted by Abū-Tāhir who wrenched it out personally and took it to Al-Hasa.

--we know this from Ibn Batuta's accounts..when he came to Calicut ( my hometown )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/ibn-battuta-at-calicut-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/vedic-practises-in-mecca-ajit-vadakayil.html


THE QARMATION SECT WAS JEWISH.

THEY SACKED MECCA , DESTROYED THE KAABA , STOLE THE HOLY SHIVA LINGAM METEORITE BLACK STONE WHICH MUHAMMAD THE PROPHET PERSONALLY.

THE VERTICAL STONE ON GROUND WAS WRENCHED OFF AND INSTALLED HORIZONTALLY ABOVE THE GROUND.



QARMATIONS WERE DESCENDANTS OF DISGRACED NAMBOODIRIS WHO FOUNDED JUDAISM.- AND THEY REMAINED VEGETARIAN ( AN AMAZING SELF SACRIFICE IN THE DESERT ) 



MUHAMMADs FAMILY WERE VEGETARIAN NAMBOODIRIS FROM KERALA.

dont ever believe history written by rothschild's stooges and the R commies.



Ibn Batuta had said that the Kaaba black stone is a Shiva Lingam as seen in Kerala Shiva temples .

The Sultan of Birgi  ( Izmir Turkey ) showed him a BLACK METEORITE STONE uprooted  from an ancient Shiva Temple.

QUOTE:  As we were sitting there, he said to me "Have you ever seen a stone that has fallen from the sky?"

I replied " No, nor ever heard of one."

A great black stone was brought, very hard and with a glitter in it, I reckon its weight was about a hundredweight.

The sultan sent for stone breakers, and four of them came and struck it all together four times over with iron hammers, but made no impression on it.

I was amazed, and he ordered it to be taken back to its place- UNQUOTE

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Delete






TODAY KODUNGALLUR UNIVERSITY WHERE JESUS CHRIST STUDIED - HAVING A 6000 YEAR OLD SHIVA/SHAKTI  TEMPLE IN ITS CAMPUS IS DESECRATED YEAR AFTER YEAR-

EVERY YEAR VULGAR SONGS ARE SUNG ( STARTED BY WHITE INVADER ) -
 " IF DEVI HAS TO BE SEXUALLY SATISFIED SHE NEED TO BE IMPALED BY A PRICK AS BIG AS THE TEMPLE FLAG STAFF " 

THIS SONG WAS SUNG ,  AFTER PM NARENDRA MODI HAS BEEN NOTIFIED BY THIS BLOGSITEs READERS AGAIN AND AGAIN .  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html

BUT HEY, THIS "VOTE MAANGTHA HAI MAN"  RAN TO ASSUAGE THE HURT FEELINGS OF CHRISTIANS AFTER A COUPLE OF CHURCHES WENT THROUGH A "FALSE FLAG ATTACK "- TO PLEASE OBAMA .

MODI SPAKE-

"I am delighted to participate in this function to celebrate the elevation to sainthood of two great saints of Kerala – Saint Kuriakose Elias Chavara and Saint Euphresia. The whole country is proud of their recognition. Their elevation was preceded by that of Saint Alphonsa, who also hailed from Kerala.

Below : Pakistanis know the truth- but Alice in Gujjuland wants Nobel peace prize-- langot yaaar BAAAAA can pull strings with R  !



The life and deeds of Saint Chavara and Saint Euphresia are an inspiration not only to the Christian community, but to humanity as a whole. They are shining examples of dedication to God through selfless service for the betterment of mankind"

roshan chandNovember 12, 2012 at 3:13 PM
Most Sufis are Shia - Could You please Elaborate ???
ReplyDelete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 12, 2012 at 5:22 PM
hi roshan,

Sufism did not exist prior to Islam. Read this twice.

There are many Sufis that are not Muslims -- and there are many misinformed Muslims who are reluctant to consider Sufism part of Islam. western writers have influenced such opinions.


The difference between Sufis and Islam is sometimes as extreme as the difference between Mormons ( Mitt Romney ) and Catholics ( Sonia Gandhi ) , depending on the particular order.

Some Western Sufi orders have even completely divorced themselves from Islam altogether. this is again western propaganda.

Yet, Sufism is integrated in Islam.

90% of muslims in the world are SUNNI.

The Sunnis believe that Muhammad did not designate a successor.

But the Shiites believe he did: his cousin and son-in-law, Ali.

They also believe that Ali's authority was usurped by the first three caliphs: Abu Bakr and Umar ibn a-Khatab, both fathers-in-law of Muhammad, and Uthman ibn Affan, also a son-in-law.

Unlike Ali, none of the men were blood relatives of Muhammad. This was a point of contention for Ali's supporters, who believed that the succession should be hereditary and no other way..

After Uthman's assassination in 656, Ali became leader, but discord erupted into civil war.

He fought and defeated opponents, one of whom was Aisha, Muhammad's third wife and Abu Bakr's daughter.

After Ali's assassination in 661, Sunni caliphs regained power for more than 20 years.

Ali's son, Hussein, fought them and was killed by Sunnis at Karbala, in Iraq. Scholars say that his death, which the Shiites consider martyrdom, helped transform a political movement into a religious one.

Shiites and Sunnis share the Quran but have different collections of the hadith, which are the traditions and deeds of Muhammad.

Shiites believe that the imams are the source for the hadith. Sunnis believe the hadith come from the Prophet's companions.

Sunnis focus on the teachings and Sunah of the holy Prophet whereas Sufi follows the basic as well as the spiritual practices.

The ambition of a Sufi is to attain spiritual enlightenment through meditation, prayers and by quitting worldly desires.

Sunni believes in the indirect approach to enlighten the soul whereas a Sufi attempts to experience and feel God with the help of the direct approach.

Many Sufi orders encourage honoring Saints and Prophets by visiting them if the are alive or their tombs if they have passed on.

Pilgrims often will go to ask for favors in the form of miracles or prosperity. In many communities the pilgrims are people from other religions who come to the tombs in hopes of finding favor or receiving miracles.

Initially the term Sufi referred only to those who had achieved God realization, but it has since come to be applied to anyone who follows that particular spiritual path.

The name Sufi comes from “suf,” the Arabic word for wool or “saf,” the Persian word for pure. The dervishes or advanced students of Sufism wore inexpensive wool clothes as part of their life of renunciation.

Islam recognizes Abraham, Moses and Jesus, but they credit Mohammad for reintroducing the true religion without contamination.

Sufis extend this, believing that all prophets and saints of all religions are inspired by the same source and the rejection of any one is a rejection of the essential Truth behind them all - the one God.

That one God is absolute, extending beyond time or space, and all that is within the universe is of God, including good and evil.

If you want the views of Saudi puritan sunni scholars pl see this video. Put it in google-youtube.
The History of Sufism / The Life of Junaid Baghdadi http://youtu.be/YakXuCAlC0Y

a iranian or iraqi , shia scholar may have a different view.


A good first encounter with Sufism would be through reading the works of the ancient Sufi poet Rumi.

By the way I am Hindu.

PEACE!

capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete
Below : Lara's theme from Dr Zhivago written by Boris Pasternak !



When I was a child every school quiz contest would invariably had the question:  Who wrote Dr Zhivago.

So I would write:- Boris Leonidovich Pasternak

Secretly I would wonder what the fu#k this is all about.

Here is the 1959 Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning.  The cartoon depicts Pasternak and another GULAG inmate, splitting trees in the snow.  

The caption reads, "I won the Nobel Prize for literature. What was your crime?"



Mind you Boris Pasternak was NEVER EVER arrested by the Soviet secret police and he was NEVER in the gulag

. http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html

CHAKKAR KYA HAI BHAIYYA ?

Like Leo Tolstoy ( the R stooge  Jew who brainwashed Gandhi ), Boris Pasternak was a Jew.
Rothschild media tried their best to suppress this.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html

Boris Pasternak’s father Leonid Pasternak was a Jew painter descended from Isaac Abrabanel the Jewish banker and treasurer of Portugal.  Leonid painted LeoTolstoy – this painting  exists.
  
Pasternak’s mother was a pianist - Jewess Rosa Isidorovna Kaufman.

Jew  Boris Pasternak wrote Doctor Zhivago, and R gave him the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1958.

Why ?

Pray?

Pasternak’s book Dr Zhivago covers the entire period of four decades of Bolshevik revolution, both world wars , the Gulag , communist rule etc.

BUT HE NEVER MENTIONED THAT THE JEWS CONDUCTED THE BOLSKEVIK REVOLUTION.   

HE NEVER WROTE THAT MARX, LENIN, TROTSKY, STALIN –ALL WERE JEWS. 

He never mentioned that German Jew Marx was the blood relative of German Jew Rothschild.

Doctor Zhivago was not completed until 1956.

Doctor Zhivago was made into a film by Jew David Lean in 1965- yes, the same guy who made Lawrence of Arabia .

When Boris Pasternak died they publicly gave him a Orthodox Christian funeral. Then immediately after the guests left he was buried the Jewish way- with a Rabbi attending.

R made sure all Jews rejected Boris Pasternak , to hide the fact that he is a Jew . David Ben Gurion, publicly branded Dr Zhivago as  “one of the most despicable books about Jews “

BORIS PASTERNAK ESTABLISHED THE REASON WHY THE CZAR WAS MURDRED –HOLD YOUR BREATH – FOR CORRUPTION.

After all Komarovsky, was a sinister lawyer who drives Dr Zhivago’s father to suicide and seduced the teenage Lara.

SNIFF !



Like Pasternak, Yuri Zhivago welcomes the Red Bolshevik Revolution- as a revitalizing agent with the potential to cleanse his dear native country of its ills.

I just sprouted long ears .

BBBRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY   !!!




There are huge Zionist plans to go on overdrive with the musical Doctor Zhivago at Broadway next week .

R media has splurged “ In Doctor Zhivago, Putin might even see himself – and his potential for redemption”

OH  FU#KIN’  YEAH ?


Now I will make a EARTH SHAKING revelation which will increase the truth exhuming percentage of this blogsite to take a mighty leap to 5.9%.

THIS WILL BE THE BIGGEST REVELATION IN THE PAST 98 YEARS.

The Balfour declaration which Winston Churchill used as the constitution of the planet was a BACK DATED LETTER from ROTHCHILD to ROTHSCHILD- if you know what I mean.

The scan of the letter which CARVED OUT the state of Israel is below-


Wikipedia says
QUOTE: The Balfour Declaration (dated 2 November 1917) was a letter from the United Kingdom's Foreign Secretary Arthur James Balfour to Baron Rothschild (Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild), a leader of the British Jewish community, for transmission to the Zionist Federation of Great Britain :UNQUOTE

Have you seen the movie MY COUSIN VINNY ( if not you must see it--  a masterpiece directed by Jonathan Lynn – starring Joe Pesci , Marisa Tomei, Fred Gwynne etc .

There is a scene about a dripping water faucet ( disturbing sleep ) in a hotel room.



Vinny Gambini: [Vinny hears a drip in the motel bathroom] Weren't you the last one to use the bathroom?
Lisa: So?
Vinny Gambini: Well, did you use the faucet?
Lisa: Yeah.
Vinny Gambini: Then why didn'tcha turn it off?
Lisa: I DID turn it off!
Vinny Gambini: Well, if you turned it off, why am I listening to it?
Lisa: Did it ever occur to you it could be turned off AND drip at the same time?
Vinny Gambini: No. Because if you'd turned it off, it wouldn't drip!
Lisa: Maybe it's broken.
Vinny Gambini: Is that what you're saying? It's broken?
Lisa: Yeah. That's it, it's broken.
Vinny Gambini: You sure?
Lisa: I'm positive.
Vinny Gambini: Maybe you didn't twist it hard enough.
Lisa: I twisted it just right.
Vinny Gambini: How could you be so sure?
Lisa: [sighs] If you will look in the manual, you will see that this particular model faucet requires a range of 10 to 16 foot-pounds of torque. I routinely twist the maximum allowable torquage.
Vinny Gambini: Well, how could you be sure you used 16 foot-pounds of torque?
Lisa: Because I used a Craftsman model 1019 Laboratory Edition Signature Series torque wrench. The kind used by Caltech high energy physicists. And NASA engineers.
Vinny Gambini: Well, in that case, how can you be sure THAT's accurate?
Lisa: Because a split second before the torque wrench was applied to the faucet handle, it had been calibrated by top members of the state AND federal Department of Weights and Measures... to be dead on balls accurate!
[She rips a page out of a magazine and hands it to him]
Lisa: Here's the certificate of validation.
Vinny Gambini: Dead on balls accurate?
Lisa: It's an industry term.
Vinny Gambini: [tosses paper away] I guess the fucking thing is broken.


LISA RIPS OUT A PAGE FROM A MAGAZINE AND HANDS IT TO VINNY –  THIS IS OUR BALFOUR DECLARATION.

Later Vinny will use the same type of argument to make a CHOOT out of the car expert and the Judge inside the courtroom.




Vinny Gambini: Ms. Vito, it has been argued by me, the defense, that two sets of guys met up at the Sac-O-Suds, at the same time, driving identical metallic mint green 1964 Buick Skylark convertibles. Now, can you tell us by what you see in this picture, if the defense's case holds water?
Mona Lisa Vito: [Lisa examines the picture]
Vinny Gambini: Ms. Vito, please answer the question: does the defense's case hold water?
Mona Lisa Vito: No! The defense is wrong!
Vinny Gambini: Are you sure?
Mona Lisa Vito: I'm positive.
Vinny Gambini: How could you be so sure?
Mona Lisa Vito: Because there is no way that these tire marks were made by a 1964 Buick Skylark convertible. These marks were made by a 1963 Pontiac Tempest.
D.A. Jim Trotter: Objection, Your Honor! Can we clarify to the court whether the witness is stating opinion or fact?
Judge Chamberlain Haller: [to Lisa] This is your opinion, or is it a fact?
Mona Lisa Vito: It's a fact!
Vinny Gambini: I find it hard to believe that this kind of information could be ascertained simply by looking at a picture!
Mona Lisa Vito: Would you like me to explain?
Vinny Gambini: I would *love* to hear this!
Judge Chamberlain Haller: So would I!

Mona Lisa Vito: The car that made these two, equal-length tire marks had positraction. You can't make those marks without positraction, which was not available on the '64 Buick Skylark!
Vinny Gambini: And why not? What is positraction?
Mona Lisa Vito: It's a limited slip differential which distributes power equally to both the right and left tires. The '64 Skylark had a regular differential, which, anyone who's been stuck in the mud in Alabama knows, you step on the gas, one tire spins, the other tire does nothing.
[the jury members nod, with murmurs of "yes," "that's right," etc]
Vinny Gambini: Is that it?
Mona Lisa Vito: No, there's more! You see? When the left tire mark goes up on the curb and the right tire mark stays flat and even? Well, the '64 Skylark had a solid rear axle, so when the left tire would go up on the curb, the right tire would tilt out and ride along its edge. But that didn't happen here. The tire mark stayed flat and even. This car had an independent rear suspension. Now, in the '60's, there were only two other cars made in America that had positraction, and independent rear suspension, and enough power to make these marks. One was the Corvette, which could never be confused with the Buick Skylark. The other had the same body length, height, width, weight, wheel base, and wheel track as the '64 Skylark, and that was the 1963 Pontiac Tempest.
Vinny Gambini: And because both cars were made by GM, were both cars available in metallic mint green paint?
Mona Lisa Vito: They were!
Vinny Gambini: Thank you, Ms. Vito. No more questions. Thank you very, very much.
[kissing her hands]
Vinny Gambini: You've been a lovely, lovely witness.


ROTHSCHILD MADE A CHOOT OUT OF THE MIDDLE EAST MUSLIMS.

MUCH BEFORE LAWRENCE OF ARABIA WENT TO THE MIDDLE EAST, ANOTHER ROTHSCHILD AGENT WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR HAD ALREADY PROMISED ISRAEL TO JEWS –  

THE DEED WAS ALREADY DONE—

IN RETURN FOR CRYPTO JEWISH SECT OF IBN SAUD ( Wahabi Abdul Aziz ibn Saud ) BLOODLINE BE MADE KING OF THE OIL RESOURCES AND MECCA.

TE LAWRENCE MADE A CHOOT OF OUT HUSSEIN ( Hashemtite Sharif Hussein bin Ali , Sharif of Mecca) AND HIS SONS – BY CARROT AND STICK METHOD -- MADE HIM DESTROY THE MIGHTY MUSLIM OTTOMAN EMPIRE , SHEDDING MUSLIM BLOOD.

SO IN THE DESERT MUSLIM KILLS MUSLIM AND GIVES THE FRUIT TO THE JEW .

LAWRENCE WAS JUST A SPY REPLACEMENT FOR WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR , WHO GOT KILLED IN THE DESERT .

WILLIAM SHAKESPAER WAS TRAINED TO USE THE SEXTANT AND DO MAPPING OF THE ENTIRE WATER AND OIL RESOURCES OF THE DESERT .  

HE ALSO MAPPED THE OTTOMAN EMPIRE SOLDIERS STRONGHOLDS , MUCH BEFORE LAWRENCE ARRIVED IN ARABIA.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

I have revealed very little about how Rothschild wedged out Sikhs. He tried to make Sikhs bury their dead like the Veerashaiva Lingayaths.

Sikhs had some commonsense and they told the white invader to FUCK OFF !

In retaliation R wedged out a sect from Sikhs with the divine rule that they must throw the dead body into water.

So this sect asked –what about people who do NOT live next to a river .  R had solutions. The white invader said , we will make canals soon and you will NOT need to travel very far.

This sect did this for a century , polluting even stagnant water bodies -- and have now mostly stopped it due to public outcry .

Their numbers dwindled drastically after this.   But still you get to see an occasional corpse of this sect floating in the river.

Any idea which sect this is ?

Today Sikhs and this sect are like cobra and mongoose.

The Khalistanis cadre do NOT know that most of their top leadership was on the payroll of Jew R.


Who were the Taliban ?

They were brave and simple Muslim people who resisted the invasion of the foreign white skinned man into their country Afghanistan.

Today Taliban are world famous TERRORISTS .  They have been splintered into several groups. 

Their TOP leadership are now crypto Jews .

This may be shocking to all.


When I was in school I was a great supporter of Jews.




HAVA NAGILA was my favourite song.

I sang along at the end of the Hollywood movie  RAID ON ENTEBBE .

I HAVE WOKEN UP !

Like I said TE Lawrence would have never  been famous  if Captain William Henry Irvine Shakespear had NOT been killed on 24th Jan 1015.

Jew Shakespear was a Rothschild agent from India, who became the youngest vice-consul ever. . He was made to learn Urdu, Pushtu, Persian and Arabic in India and then he was  transferred to Kuwait 1909 as a spy cum  agent.  

Shakespear travelled more than 3000 kms  from Kuwait to Riyadh and on to Aqaba via the Nafud Desert, which he mapped and studied in great detail for water springs( wadi sirhan ) / oil reserves / Ottoman garrisons , the first white man to do so.  

 Shakespear’s boss Major-General Sir Percy Zachariah Cox reported to Rothschild.  

Below : Percy Cox with Ibn Saud


Cox was under the impression that Rothschild would allow  one of the sons of Hussein the Sherif of Mecca, with whom the British  had a special relationship during the war due to promises made during the McMahon–Hussein Correspondence.  

BRIBED Muslim Hussein would fight against the Ottoman Muslims.




But Rotshchild would use Shakespear to cut a separate Palestine for Jews deal with crypto Jews Ibn Saud  in return for his bloodline ruling over  oil rich Arabia .

 It was Shakespear who, in 1914, first urged Ibn Saud using personal chemistry to aid the British in their campaign against the Ottomans, allies of the Germans in the march toward World War I.

Shakespear  fixed positions using his sextant and used his camera a small Houghton Ensignette( like a proper spy ) which he developed using chemicals in a blackened part of his tent . .  He was an expert in falconry and could send and receive messages from anywhere.

Shakespear was known for travelling with a folding table and chairs and dressing up like LORD FUCKLAND for dinner in the middle of the hot desert –TEE HEE !   He had  Saluki hounds to warm him of danger.

Shakespear made seven separate expeditions into the Arabian interior, during which he became a close langot yaar friend of crypto Jew Ibn Sa'ud, then the Emir of the Nejd ( on instructions from Rothschild ) .

Shakespear photographed Ibn Sa'ud .  




Ibn Sa'ud had never seen a camera before. 

 Shakespear records in his memoirs that 'Abd al-'Aziz was surprised by his knowledge of the desert and his grasp of Najdi Arabic He had in many ways earned himself the title of ‘Shakespear of Arabia’.

Ottoman Empire dominated the more settled parts of the Middle East, including the Red Sea and gulf coasts of the Arabian.

Jews Ibn Saud and Muslims Ibn  Rashid clashed at Jarrab on 24 January 1915 - and Shakespear, standing prominently on a hilltop clicking pictures fighting, was shot and killed at the age of 37. 




The British entered into a treaty in December 1915 (the "Treaty of Darin" ) which made the lands of the House of Saud a British protectorate and attempted to define the boundaries of the developing Saudi state. 

In exchange, Ibn Saud pledged to again make war against Ibn Rashid, who was an ally of the Ottomans.    The Treaty of Darin was drafted by Shakespear had drafted - the first international recognition of Saudi rule in Arabia.

After Shakespear’s death TE Lawrence made a deal with Husssein with carrot on stick promises to provide enough Muslim manpower using Rothschild’s long range guns to defeat the mighty Ottoman using guerilla tactics.

The Muslims  would not get their promised Land, a unified Arab state from Aleppo to Oman.  The Sykes-Picot Agreement, signed in secret in 1916, saw to that.  It divided the Levant into mandates for French Rothschild (Lebanon and Syria) and British Rothschild  (Palestine and Iraq); Hashemite dynasties were implanted in Syria, Iraq and Jordan.  

The French Rothschild chased off Faisal bin Hussein, son of Sharif Hussein of Hejaz, from Syria in 1921.  British and French were both arms of Rothschild family- they always played GOOD GUY BAD GUY to make a CHOOT out of the whole world. 

The British installed him a year later as king of Iraq, where the Hashemite monarchy succumbed to a military coup in 1958.  The only surviving Hashemite dynasty still rules Jordan.

Crypto Jew Ibn Saud, sought to conquer Arabia by defeating his tribal enemy Muslim Ibn Rashid, an Ottoman ally.   

Below: Ibn Saud with crypto Jew US President FD Roosevelt


Al Rasheed, the House of Rashid were centered in Ha'il, a city in northern Nejd that derived its wealth from being on the route of the Hajj pilgrimage and was a city known for its trading, which absorbed many of the travelers that were bound to Mecca.   The rulers of this city were the sons of Abdullah ibn Rashid.

 In 1915, Ibn Saud met with the British envoy to the Gulf region, Bracey Cocas.   Cocas made the following offer to Ibn Saud: “I think this is a guarantee for your endurance as it is in the interest of Britain that the Jews have a homeland and existence, and Britain’s interests are, by all means, in your interest.”

 Ibn Saud, the descendant of Jews Dönmeh from Basra, responded: “Yes, if my acknowledgement means so much to you, I acknowledge thousand times granting a homeland to the Jews in Palestine or other than Palestine.”

Two years later, British Foreign Secretary Lord Balfour, in a letter to Baron Walter Rothschild, a leader of the British Zionists, stated: “His Majesty’s government view with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people . . .”

The deal had the tacit backing of two of the major players in the region, both descendant from Dönmeh Jews who supported the Zionist cause, Kemal Ataturk and Ibn Saud.

After World War I, the British facilitated the coming to power of the Saud regime in the former Hejaz and Nejd provinces of the Ottoman Empire. 

The Sauds established Wahhabism as the state religion of the new Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and, like the Kemalist Dönmeh in Turkey, began to move against other Islamic beliefs and sects, including the Sunnis and Shi’as. 

Below: Ibn Saud with Jew Churchill


Shakespear’s death was significant enough that a question was asked about it in the House of Commons by Liberal MP Sir John Jardine . Jardines were Rothschild’s Opium agents.

The political significance of Shakespear’s death in the context of the conflict between Ibn Saud and Hussein bin Ali, the Hashemite Sharif of Mecca, is mentioned:--

‘His helmet was taken into Medina, and publicly exhibited as proof to all Moslems that Ibn Saud was a traitor to Islam, and he had permitted Jews and Christians into his country.  There were great demonstrations in Medina, and the hat is still displayed in the Serai, with an inscription pointing its moral’

Shakespear’s  grave can be found in downtown Kuwait City near the Al Hamra Tower




Never mind what Wikipedia says.   Omar Sharif the Egyptian actor was Jewish.

Omar Sharif ( acted in Lawrence of Arabia / Dr Zhivago ) has vehemently denied it.

You don’t expect a crypto Kabbalah Jew (Michael Shalhoub ) to admit anything, right ?

Omar Sharif flies into a mouth frothing rage, if you ask him about his Jewish roots.  He may hit you .

But Jewish or not—I was his fan right from his Mackkena’s  Gold days.  

He was an excellent Bridge player.

But his grandson says he is Jewish and Gay and proud of both.



PAINTER MF HUSSIAN WAS CREATED BY R.

AFTER DENIGRATING HINDUS GODS, AND PROTESTS STARTED - HE WAS TOLD TO RUN TO THE DESERT KINGDOM CREATED BY R-  QATAR.

THESE SMALL DESERT KINGDOMS CARVED OUT ALONG WITH ISRAEL, HAVE KINGS OF CRYPTO BLOODLINE CHOSEN BY R.

THE MUSLIM PEOPLE HAVE NOW STARTED SUSPECTING WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON—AS THEIR KINGS WORDS ARE ANTI-ISRAEL, BUT THEIR DEEDS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN OPPOSITE TO THEIR WORDS.

These R chosen kings support each other when the people want to revolt and overthrow the R installed kings .   Example? Troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE)  entered Bahrain to help the al-Khalifa petro-monarchy put down pro-democracy protests.

Qatar’s R installed crypto  al-Thani royals backed al Qaeda thugs to overthrow Gaddafi who wanted to kick out R banks from Israel.  Gaddfi made the mistake of allowing R controlled TROJAN HORSE NGOs SINK THEIR ROOTS in Libya in the grab of foreign aid. 

ISIS WAS CREATED , FUNDED AND ARMED BY JEWS- TO MAKE SUNNI/ SHIA BROTHERS HACK EACH OTHER TO DEATH ..

Same thing is happening in India right now. 

Are we to say Modi does NOT know all this ?

I MUST EXPLAIN R CREATED PAKISTANI BANK BCCI IN GREATER DETAIL- OR ELSE THE SAME THING WILL HAPPEN TO INDIA  

Nobody has put a finger on R controlled Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) – the desert Kings union. USA will fight for democracy all over the world – but NOT in these oil/gas rich kingdoms.

The six GCC nations- Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, UAE, Qatar and Oman- sit atop 44% of the world’s oil.  The single-bloodline family monarchies that control them were hand-picked by the R . 

Israel and R stooges keeps shouting from the rooftops about the danger from these kings- and then have a great chuckle over brandy and cigars. 

The safety of these Kings and their relatives  are assured – even if the entire citizens go against them- as long as the kings play ball ( oil/ gas filled ball ) with R. The entire personal wealth of these kings are in R banks. 

Laath maarke kidhar bhaagega yeh crypto royal log ?

Established in Abu Dhabi on 25 May 1981,GCC comprised Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. The unified economic agreement between the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council was signed on 11 November 1981 in Abu Dhabi.

As Saudi Oil Minister Hisham Nazer said it all  “We have a mutual bond of self-interest and reciprocal security interests.”

BCCI bank was started by R using his BANK OF AMERICA .  Later when things started getting hot , in 1980 R went BENAMI Bank of America withdrew from the public eye.  Investigations revealed that BCCI was kept afloat by R (Bank of America) , which transferred it a mindboggling ONE BILLION USD ( those days ) a day until 1991

Bank of America acted like a global vacuum cleaner, sucking up deposits for the bank from around the world.   Most of these deposits were diverted to the Karachi BCCI branch.   Bank of America also had its own large Karachi branch.

Like our AXIS BANK FACE – the best faces propped up BCCI

Terrorised BCCI employees served as personal heroin drug couriers . This bank became so enmeshed in Pakistani affairs that you could scarcely tell the difference between the two. There have been instances where whistleblowers of the drug heroin mafia got the chopped off hands of their family by courier mail.

The Pakistani heroin trade was under Lieutenant General Fazle Haq, the hench man of Pakistani President gen Zia Ul Haq. Just 2 days ago India caught 600 crores of Pakistani heroin right? Are we to say Modi does NOT know all this—the drug route to Punjab ?

Gen Zia ul-Huq’s own son, was financing CIA mujahadeen armies in Afghanistan.

In 1976 BCCI set up a subsidiary in the Cayman Islands known as International Credit & Investment Company (ICIC).  It was through this branch of BCCI, as well as Karachi branch – run by President Zia ul-Huq’s son – that the most circumspect financial transactions took place.

RAW wanted to blow the whistle .

R got our Indian PM to surrender our deep long established RAW assets –leaving the Indian spies high and dry ( read as hung ) with NO chance for family compensation.    

We all know who this CIA asset on the PMs chair was!!.


DIGRESSION : A TRUTH OF LIFE . 
Once my Dutch Chief Engineer on a highly sophisticated new ship  asked me how I glean things so fast.   

How I am able to separate the chaff from the grain faster than all.

I replied” It is all about making your own opinions on everything.  DO LATERAL THINKING ”

He could NOT understand what I said .

So below is a gist of what I explained – as he was a bit poor in Time Management.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/time-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Then he said “ Tomorrow the Dutch Technical Manager is visiting the ship.  He has a HUGE ego. He is highly racist and he will target you.  He considers himself to be the cat’s whiskers in technical matters and he knows the nuts and bolts of this ship , as he has taken delivery of 8 such ships personally, at the yard already”

I replied – “CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL IS THE BEST MAN ON THE PLANET TO PULL OUT THE CATS WHISKERS  OF EGO FILLED RACIST MEN-  SEE I AM ALREADY DROOLING! “

My chief engineer replied “ I have already heard of this !”

I said “ I have met this Tech Manager  when I went to Holland for briefing two weeks ago , before joining the ship .  I was taken to him by the owner’s son who is MD .  He said to me, if I don’t take you to him myself , he wont even look at you, leave alone speak  to you – as he has a problem with racism. “

So the owner’s son ,the MD,  walked me through the office , introduced him to me , and told him to brief me .

This aggressive man of 6 feet 8 inches in height , tells his own boss ( whose father owns the company – single man owner ) to literally fuck off-  that he has NO time to brief me – and he will talk to me when he visits the ship soon .

So as soon as this Tech Manager came on board at a Canadian port I asked him “ Did you get to meet your little sister , she stays in this town”

He face became red , he glared at me – and replied “ I stayed in her home yesterday night”

I said I know at what time your plane touched down yesterday morning .

He wanted to know if his boss ( the owners son ) gave me this secret information.

I said –“ NOPE—when I deal with someone I usually know who he is ,well in advance – to be in a position of leveraging strength “.

He told me to get a few empty ballast tanks opened up- as he wanted to enter them.

He wanted to visit the engine room first.

I tagged along.

He said that he does NOT want the Captain in the Engine room , he just needs the Chief engineer.

I said “I am Captain of the Engine room too, so I WILL come along” .

His face coloured up like an red apple.

In the middle of his Engine room inspection , I whispered to my Chief Engineer  “ This man has NOT looked at the right spot even once . He has NOT told the right thing even once .   Even if you clap your hands near a new born kitten,  she will NOT look at your balls or your hand-  she will look into your eyes .  Are you sure he is a marine engineer ?”



See when you work on a computer , you cant keep looking at the mouse or the flash drive.  Once in a while you need to look at the screen or the keyboard.

Then I and this 6 foot 8 inch guy ( pretty wiry and athletic ) entered the tanks .  He said that he just wants the Chief Officer with him.

I said “NOPE—I want to be with you”.

He moved pretty fast inside the tanks like Tarzan .

The ballast tank is like steel maze with small man holes to squeeze through every 3 metres .  By the time I finished 3 tanks with him, I was totally chewed up- I even thought I may get a heart attack- as my heart was palpitating like crazy .

Then,  after a cursory deck inspection, we walked back into the accommodation, and sat in the officers lounge .

I whispered to my Chief Engineer

- watch the fun now.

When he has taken one leg out of his boiler suit, I got him frozen in a Bharatnatyam position , by asking him a question.



"HAVE YOU EVER SAILED ON A TANKER AS AN ENGINEER- EVER- PRAY-PRITHEE ?"

He took nearly 30 seconds  to reply “ No!”

I said “ It is so dang obvious !”

Then I asked him  “ Was you last shore job interesting ?”

He says “ Which job ?”

I replied “ The one at the door lock factory – did it hold your interest . I am sure it cant because you will feel like a potted plant looking at mangy door locks for 6 long years !”

He growled “ Who told you this?”

I said “ A little bird !”

I had done investigations using my sources in Holland .  

For when I went for briefing to the TECHNICAL DIRECTOR ( this man’s direct boss ) I found that he has NEVER been a  sailor –he was an MBA.  This the owners son told me. .

Later my chief engineer asked me over a beer ” Ajit, how the hell did you know  all this”

I said “ Have you seen some Chief officers sleeping on the CCR sofa  and some Captains sleeping on the bridge sofa ?   They do so because they want to substitute competence / merit with hard DONKEY work.   This Tech Manager visited 3 ballast tanks on a brand new ship .  What was the fu#kin’  need ?  To make up quality by quantity on the fulcrum of ZE lever ?“



IF YOU ASK ANY SCHOOL CHILD TODAY- WHO IS THE MOST EVIL MAN ON THIS PLANET.

THE ANSWER 99.99 % WILL BE HILTER AS NO1 –

AND OSAMA BIN LADEN AS A CLOSE NO 2

WHO WAS HITLER?

READ THE POST BELOW AND USE YOUR CONSCIENCE

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/when-lie-is-mightier-than-sword-capt.html

NOW I SHALL BREAK A BOMBSHELL – 

REALLY I DO NOT KNOW IF THIS PLANET IS READY FOR THIS. THIS WILL BRING THE REVELATION IN MY BLOGSOTE TO 6.0 %.

WHO WAS OSAMA BIN LADEN ?  

WAS HE A BAD MAN ?

READ ON FOLKS !

Before 1932, Saudi Arabia did NOT exist. The land was known as Arabia.

The Muslims hated the clan of Bani Saud .  The entire tribe at the North of the Arabian desert near a decrepit village named Riyadh.

The tribe members was mean, with a foul temper and modern DNA tests have proved that they have Jewish DNA.

The Bani Saud leaders were NOT royal, and the concept of a royal family in Arabia, in ancient times, just did NOT exist.

 Arabia was ruled, clan area by clan area, by those who ruled best, and that was accomplished by the sword and later the gun.  Rothschild made sure long range guns went to the clans he wanted to dominate. For this he used his agents William Irvine Shakespear and TE Lawrence.

Saudi leaders thrashed around the deserts of Arabia, trying to find a way to rule the whole Bedouin community from the Indian Ocean to Petra.  The Ottoman Turks put an end to this, and the Saudis had to flee to present day Kuwait in the 1880s to 1920s for refuge.

Rothschild had NOT yet carved out Kuwait, so the Bani Saud had to hang out for a number of years with the Bani Al Sabah clan at the head of the Persian Gulf.

It was Rothschild who made  Bani Al Sabah royal.

When Saddan Hussian attacked how neatly the Kuwaiti royals flew to Sausi Arabia, ever wondred ? Rishta puraana hai !

House of Saud has gone through three stages:  First Saudi State , Emirate of Nejd , and the modern state of Saudi Arabia.

Rothschild made sure Ibn Saud prospered in exchange for the state of Israel and for oil royalties.
 In 1932, Rothschild told Ibn Saud to declare Arabia as Kingdom, and named it Saudi Arabia— apnaaich maal !.

This was a virtual first in Arabia- and the Bedouin desert tribes wondered what it meant -
Rothschild gave massive amounts of gold ,long range guns and spy information to encourage Ibn Saud, to convince the naïve Bedouin of the Arabian Peninsula to submit to his rule.

Mind you, the entire population in Saudi araba and all Rothschild created crypto bloodline oil/ gas rich kingdoms know what the hell happened.  They all know who installed these bloodlines as their royalty- and they can do NOTHING about it.  Whoever tried lost his life.



Osama Bin Ladan had the BALLS to call a spade a spade.  

Mind you , this man was extremely wealthy and could have chosen a life of debauchery- throwing millions of dollars on girls. 



But he chose to follow his conscience and lived like a bedoin in the harsh desert for the common Muslim people who are twiddling their thumbs while the royal crypto bloodline looted the nation’s wealth and gave it away to R- so that they would NOT be toppled ( regime change ) .





Osama Bin Laden was not a member of the crypto Al Saud bloodline.



He is of course  an Arabian, but of another clan, and NONE of these other Arabian clans have forgotten that the R led Saudis thrashed them around 1900 to 1930 in order to take the "kingdom."  ALL the Bedouin clans wait for revenge.  

The Al  Saud family knows without R support they are gonnay gone !


My Pakistani officers have told me that Osama Bin Laden has been a champion of the Afghan freedom fighter Mujahedeen for years.  

Osama Bin Laden would go to Afghanistan, even to Iraq, during the Iraq/Iran war, and he would visit the wounded in the hospitals.

He would take down their names, and a couple of weeks later, HUGE anonymous  cash gift would materialize at the home of the wounded /dead soldier. 



Osamo Bin Laden has NO hatred for the other crypto R sponsored bloodline families.  He only hated the crypto Ibn Saud bloodline which was bleeding ,  his watan and given away resources of the native people to R.




Saudi Arabia possesses 19% of the world's proven petroleum reserves, easily extractable as the oil is close to the earth’s surface and  ranks as the largest exporter of petroleum.  

The petroleum sector accounts for roughly 94% of Saudi budget revenues, 91% of export earnings, and 57% of GDP. The per capita income of Saudii is lesser than all other crypto bloodline countries.

In a country with vast oil wealth and lavish royalty, an estimated quarter of Saudis live below the poverty line

Three  young Saudi bloggers were sent to jail 3 years ago after uploading a ten-minute documentary on poverty in Riyadh.  


After the video was viewed almost 800,000 times, the Saudi police arrested the boys, sending out a clear message to other young Saudis not to engage in any similar royal bloodline exposing behavior. 

We in Kerala know the poverty secrets of the Saudis.

Below: When the oil/ gas is depleted R will hand over the land back to the people and the crypto royalty bloodline will settle down in the west in anonymity -  they will now longer throw 2 million dollars on girls in night clubs--  

at that time , I predict Osama Bin Laden will be honored like Bhagat Singh.  

6 or 9 depends from which side of the fence you see it  . 

I am an Indian Hindu , I dont take sides here . 




The cost of maintaining the Royal Family is estimated by some to be about US$11 billion per year .
Only 29 % of Saudi Arabia's citizens own their own home, compared to the international average rate of 72 % ownership.  As of 2008, roughly two thirds of workers employed in Saudi Arabia were foreigners, and in the private sector approximately 91%

SAUDIS LOOK DOWN ON INDIANS – AS SERVANTS AND COOLIES .  

IN AIRPORTS THEY JUMP THE QUEUE IS THERE IS AN INDIAN AHEAD .

INDIA IS A VERY RICH COUNTRY .

SEE WIKIPEDIA LIST BELOW-  

THE TRUTH IS CHINA IS FAR AHEAD OF USA AND JAPAN IS FAR BEHIND INDIA.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28PPP%29


Saudi’s R created Aramco's value has been estimated at up to US$10 trillion in the Financial Times, making it the world's most valuable company.

The Bahrain anti-royalty ( against Al-Khalifa family )  protests were viciously put down in 2011. Nobody knows the number of people killed /missing. It was NOT an uprising as quoted by R media-it was a revolution.  It would have a domino effect all over the middle east- but was ruthlessly crushed . .
In 1926, Charles Dalrymple Belgrave a R agent and oil prospector was the de facto ruler and oversaw the transition to a modern state. 

 R stooge Belgrave was Bahrain’s  economic adviser for thirty years- the people told him to fuck off. In December 1956, five men were jailed and found guilty for formulating a plot to kill the R stooge royal family, and kill Belgrave.

R has been playing a cool diplomatic game in the Middle East. Much of the chaos in that part of the world is a result of their dirty tricks and slimy games.

Till R started his games in the middle east, there was peace.  Arabs and the Jews got on very well in  Palestine , Damascus, and  Baghdad.    

Lines in the sand did not exist until R poisoned the simple minds of the Bedoins that one's turf needed to be better defined, first by war, then by treaty.  No such political notions existed in old Arabia.


Mehmed Emin Pasha ( German Jew Isaak Eduard Schnitzer ) took over Sudan for Rothschild.  He was a spy and an agent in the guise of a doctor . The oil and mineral rich Souther half of Sudan is now in the control of R.

R has used Jew doctors to kill many kings/ leaders  in India including Maharaja Ranjit Singh and Guru Gobind Singh.

All over the world natives were killed with small pox blankets ( South American natives, Red Indians, Aborigines etc )  . In Uganda R used Emin paaji to introduce  sleeping sickness .

Modi wants all shady characters from the West to come to India on VISA ON ARRIVAL without reciprocity—we know why !   

This is inspite plague epidemic being introduced in Surat by the west in 1994. It was NOT BUBONIC ( swelling of glands ) but lab cultured  Yersinia pestis PNEUMOMIC ( lungs ).

The poor people got blamed !

BRIBED Sherif of Mecca Hussein Bin Ali was rewarded ( consolation prize only ) by R for fighting with the Ottoman Turks .  For his faithful service, two of his sons became kings and hatched "Royal" families.  



His son Faisal ( TE Lawrence sponsored -see top  )  went to Iraq to be King, and his son Abdullah went to Jordan to be the new "King" and hatch a "Royal family."  This was in 1921-- same year Iraq was invented by R.



Abdullah  ( with Churchill and Lawrence-top ) of Jordan sent his son, Hussein, to Great Britain to be trained in UK military academies and marry a white woman.  dan. His son, who now rules Jordan, also has an white skinned wife . 

And Israel cried wolf –how they have a bad mangy Islamic kingdom as a neighbor . 

TEE HEEEE !

Below: Poor Israel, surrounded by BILKUL HOSTILE neighbours - bahoot na insaafi hai !



Kuwait had long been a relatively prosperous city-state, ruled by the Ottomans from Basra but with some autonomy for the Al Sabah ruling family.  R ignored the slave trafficking of the crypto Al-Sabah family and made them the royal bloodline in return for oil royalties.

In 1899 the Al Sabah ruler signed a treaty with the British, effectively making Kuwait a British protectorate. The scruffy Bedouin family Al-Sabah very quickly became unbelievably rich, and they have been until this moment. 

George Bush's Harlan Oil Company purchased 3 to 5 billion barrels of oil in the ground in Bahrain. The oil could not be pumped profitably though because Emir Al-Sabah of Kuwait was selling oil too fast and too cheap. Sheik Yamani of Saudi Arabia tried, for twenty years, to convince the Kuwaitis to slow the flow and raise the price, and they promised they would.  But, they NEVER did.  

R slant drilled oil from Iraq and Kuwait got the blame.  So, Saudi Arabia and George Bush taught the Emir of Kuwait a very nasty lesson-- they turned Saddam Hussein loose on the Emir. Since Desert Storm, the Kuwaitis have been very obedient members of OPEC, and Harlan Oil Company can now pump oil in Bahrain at a profit.


Main stream media does NOT record that 175 years ago, a brass trading company by the name of Khoja Mithabhai Nathoo ( owned by a Cassum Mohammad ) was in the Opium agency business with Sassoon in Mumbai.  

Cassum Mohammad was the brother of Esmail Ali from Jamnagar.  Esmail Ali’s young son  Habib Ismael was sponsored by R to start the Habib Bank.  Those days there were crypto Jews in the form of Marwari/ Kathiwari/ Palanpuri Jains and also Shia Muslims opportunists during the Mughal rule .   
The Habib family was sponsored by Rothschild with banking branches in Switzerland more than a century ago. You must know that Banking in Geneva , and Vienna was monopolized by Jew R and it is impossible for a brown skinned Indian Muslim to brown nose his way in unless R wanted it.

Later one son of Habib Ismail,   Mohammad Ali Habib of this Habib bank was sponsored by Mohamamd Ali Jinnah to expand overseas .

Before Independence banking was 100% controlled by R in the sub continent- let nobody fool anyone.

Shia Muslim Agha Hasan Abedi was a young raw employee of Habib Bank Bombay. In 1958 Abedi was sponsored to form United Bank by a strange incident.

In 1959, a a wealthy business tycoon Mr.Sehgal ( Saigol ) of Saigol Group of Industries visited Habib Bank Limited’s branch to get a HUGE loan of rupees 25,000.

Since Mr. Saigol ( R sponsored Seth from Lucknow ) was like Tata / Birla in the raw clerk signed as guarantor. Next day the Habib bank President shat in his pants. How dare a kal ka bachcha clerk stand as guarantor!

He kicked the branch manager’s ass and ordered him to get the money back or else he would be sacked along with the naïve clerk

The branch manager and typist went hoppety hop praying HUM HONGE KAAMYAAB to Saigol’s bunglow and cried copius tears. 

Saigol returned the money.

Saigol told the clerk to stay back for a cup of tea-while the Branch manager went skippety skip all the way to his bank whistling HUM HUA KAAMYAAB !.

He asked him if he would work for him . Within a week Saigol started a new bank called United Bank Ltd ( UBL )  , at KMC building Karachi , with this BOLD risk taking clerk and started operations in Nov 1959.

So who was this young clerk who drank chai with millionaire Seth Saigol?

Well , his name was Agha Hasan Abedi .

Pretty soon by huge risk taking UBL became the third largest bank of the country.  Later Abedi Sahab founded BCCI Bank in 1972 which rose to be the 6th  largest private bank in the world within 2 decades - a meteoric rise with reckless risk taking. .

Within a decade United Bank was sponsored by crypto Jewish bloodline desert Kings to grow . He founded the BCCI bank and he expanded this bank with the help of R to be the 7th largest bank on this planet within a very short time.  

Anybody who is in the banking business know that  you can grow so fat unless you cut corners and float with the political winds and water currents..  R recognized Adedi’s micro managing potential and allowed BCCI to do his dirty work.

Abedi did NOT forget past favours from Saigol – he was  a key client in Abedi's in  BCCI.
Bhutto nationalized Pakistani United Bank, and had placed Abedi under house arrest. Bhutto would soon be murdered .

Indira Gandhi nationalized Indian banks- she would also be murdered .

Abedi needed five things to create BCCI.  First, a bank secrecy and confidentiality haven, which R provided first in Luxembourg, and then in Grand Caymans.  Second, a source of capital, $2.5 million, which Abedi ultimately obtained from Rothschild’s Bank of America, supplemented by another $500,000 from Sheikh Zayed of Abu Dhabi.   Third, a source of initial assets, $100 million, of which at least half were provided as deposits by Sheikh Zayed.  Fourth, a group of risktaking BINDAAS  Pakistanis to operate the bank.  

These were now widely available as a result of Bhutto's nationalization of their banks.  Lastly, credibility in the international community, through a relationship with an established Western financial institution which would provide prestige to BCCI, but not interfere with its unique approach to banking. This too was provided by Rothschild’s  Bank of America during BCCI's formative years.

As you can see without R’s help nothing would take birth in banking-especially loans from crypto bloodline desert kings..   As early as 1967 Abedi's high net worth customers included the ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahayan, and his family. The illiterate Sheikh,  was the recently installed head of a newly wealthy oil state of Abu Dhabi , who owed his power to a R created coup against his brother in 1966.

When R wants he does regime change . All the desert Kings know this .  BCCI had a cozy relationships with international terrorists and bribe offering pimps.

The  eldest brother, Sheikh Shakhbut bin Sultan Al Nahyan, became ruler of Abu Dhabi after his uncle, Shakhbut bin Sultan Al Nahyan, who ruled from 1928 for 48 long years was assassinated .
Sheikh Shakhbut bin Sultan Al Nahyan was deposed in a R sponsored bloodless coup to the benefit of his brother Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan who ruled from 1966 to 2004, and played ball with BCCI.

BCCI had close relations with R darling Chinese Premier Deng Xiaoping’s family , arranged by R agent Jew Henry Kissinger. 

Pakistani Sultan Mohammed Khan had been s ambassador to China before becoming Pakistani Ambassador to the US-  Khan was sent to China to run the BCCI  bank’s operations. Can you see the pattern emerging ?

 Even a retarded child can !

Now you know why Chinese and Pakistanis are friends.

BCCI had a MAFIA arm of the Karachi office called the "black network,". It employed spies and vicious henchmen. which functions as a global intelligence operation and a Mafia-like enforcement squad. It was revealed that this mafia arm alone employed  1,500- “golden handcuffed “ employees.  This arm  used sophisticated spy equipment and techniques ( provided by ISI ) , along with bribery, extortion, kidnapping and murder.

The black network would stops at  nothing to further the bank's aims the world over.
In the eightees the entire media world wide were whispering BCCIs ( Bank of Credit and Commerce) mafia activities such as money laundering, terrorism, arms trading, and the destabilization of governments for R.

BCCI had a money laundering division for cash from the Opium/ Heroin trade.  They helped  R sponsored dictators loot their national treasuries.

MY PAKISTANI AND BANGLADESI OFFICERS TOLD ME ALL WERE PROUD OF THEIR ISLAMIC BANK. 

THEY WERE PROUD THAT MUSLIMS COULD OUTWIT JEWS IN THE BANKING BUSINESS. LITTLE DID THEY KNOW THE WHOLE THING WAS A JEWISH CONTROLLED THING- UNDER PAIN OF DEATH.

CIA maintained accounts in BCCI  for covert operations and this cannot happened unless BIG BROTHER wants it.

BCCI worked for Zionist nation spy agencies for illegal arms deals .

ALMOST THE ENTIRE ARMS DROPS IN OUR NAXAL RED CORRIDOR WAS FUNDED BY THE BANK.

NOW YOU KNOW WHY SUBRAMANIAN SWAMY SABOTAGED OUR ISLAMIC BANK WHICH ZIONIST PAYROLL INDIAN POLITICAL AND BANKING  DARLINGS WANTED.

I wonder if Rahul Gandhi was being tutored in politics during his 2 month sabbatical. 

Without understanding wolrd intrigue, Hegelian Dialectic and False Flag modus operandi, you cannot rule a nation.  You will NOT get this in BENAMI Main Stream Media – you have to dig it out from TRUTH EXHUMING SOCIAL media.


Though it was incorporated in Luxembourg and headquartered in London, BCCI more than 400 branches and subsidiaries around the world and was nominally owned by Arab shareholders from the gulf countries, BCCI. was always a touted as a  Islamic bank, with its heart in Karachi. 

Even 4 years ago my Bangladesi officers salary allotments would go to Habib bank



BCCI bank kept records in long hand Urdu which can be read only by insiders. The whole idea was to prevent any tracing back.

There was a Ponzi scheme embedded , where BCCI collected  deposits,  diverted funds ( like how a river sends water into canal ) but kept new  new deposits flowing in so that there was always sufficient cash on hand to pay anyone who asked for his money.

BCCI attracted KICK BACK money , drug money laundering , capiital-flight money, tax-evading money etc B.C.C.I. quickly gained a reputation as a bank that could move money anywhere and hide it without a trace.

WHY AM I WRITING ALL THIS IN A LAWRENCE OF ARABIA BLOG  ?

SO THAT OUR STUPID LEADERS KNOW ENOUGH OF WORLD INTRIGUE - TO SAVE THEIR OWN LIVES .

BJP MPs THUMPING THEIR LOK SABHA DESKS BECAUSE RAHUL GANDHI EQUATED MODI TO GORBACHEV ( ROTHSCHILDs CRYPTO JEW STOOGE , KAHN  ) IS THE ROCK BOTTOM.   

RATHER BELOW CHART DATUM.   

THIS IS A PERMANENT DISGRACE WHICH WILL REMAIN IN THE ANNALS OF HISTORY. 

SOMEONE CALLS YOUR MOTHER A WHORE AND YOU CELEBRATE- THIS SCENARIO IS LESS PAINFUL  !! 

HERE YOU ARE BEING BRANDED A TRAITOR TO THE WATAN.

YOU ARE EATING GIFT WRAPPED STINKING SHIT AS CHOCOLATE !



I HAVE  PIECE OF ADVISE FOR RAHUL GANDHI-  KICK OUT THAT SLIMY SPEECH WRITER ( THE R COMMIE )  WHO MADE YOU TELL THE US AMBASSADOR THAT RSS IS WORSE THAN LeT-   BECAUSE OF WHICH CONGRESS LOST THE HINDU DESH BHAKT VOTE FOREVER .. 

LeT ( JuD ) IS RUN BY JEWISH FUNDS 

INDIA NEEDS A STRONG OPPOSITION -  LEST BHARATMATA IS SOLD IN THE ZIONIST WHOREHOUSE -- FORCE FED WITH GM FOODS , HER RIVERS INTERLINKED BY ISRAEL,  AND HER WEALTH STOLEN AGAIN .


Below: Adnan Khasshogi's yachh Nabila where Miss India Pamela Bordes lived for a while 


Below: Billionaires she hung around with were involved in BCCI bank.



Saudi billionaire Adnan Khashoggi was often at the middle of Zionist arms deals.



Pamela Bordes , a Miss India who became a high class "escort", was photographed with Adnan Khashoggi  ( on super luxury yacht Nabila)  , Emir of Qatar,  trillionaire Sultan of Brunei,  Chandra Swami ( middleman for Zionist fighter jets ) ,  billionaire Libyan cousin of Gaddafi Ahmed Gedda Feddem ,  Al Fayed brothers ( Harrods ) etc.    You don’t get all this if your type her name in Wikipedia.




During an Income Tax raid at Chandraswami's ashram on February 2, 1998, an attestation of BCCI, Monte Carlo branch, was seized by the authorities which showed that a number of deposits had been made in international arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi's account.

Below: All know how Dassault Mirage fighter jet deals were done in the past - BCCI tried to screw poor Peru first.- the deal was aborted - uske baad shit gira Bharatmata ke mundi par !




EVER HEARD OF RAFALE JETS?  YEH LE-- SUPER EXPENSIVE SHIT FIGHTER JET  !  

DASSUALT WAS CLOSING DOWN !!  

ONLY EGYPT BOUGHT A FEW JETS AND THAT TOO AFTER--" YOU KNOW WHAT "-- A HUGE PERCENTAGE IN KICKBACKS !!

OUR BENAMI MEDIA HAS GONE GAA GAA ABOUT THE FANTASTIC RAFAKE DEAL- 

THE PRESSTITUTES JUST CANT STOP SINGING THIS SHIT FRENCH JETs PRAISES - AND SO DOES THE AIR FORCE TOP BRASS - WORKING AND RETIRED  !  

RAFALE SE ACHCHA KUCH HO NAHI SAKTA !!


http://businesstoday.intoday.in/story/rafale-deal-to-boost-indian-manufacturing-in-the-long-run/1/218303.html

Below: A cheaper than Rafale -Russian plane !



Below: No fighter jet on this planet can do this type dance in the sky




QUOTE : Chandraswami introduced Pamella Bordes to Khashoggi after she failed to be entered as Miss India in the Miss Universe contest in 1982. 

Pamella Bordes was invited to Khashoggi’s Marbella estate, La Baraka, shortly after meeting him.  In her Daily Mail account of her five-day stay, she said, “I had a room to myself. I used to get up very late. They have the most fabulous room service. You can order up the most sensational food and drink anytime you want.” 

She despised the other girls who were sent along on the junket with her, referring to them as “cheapo” girls who “ordered chips with everything.  They smothered their food with tomato ketchup and slopped it all over the bed. It was disgusting.”

KAALI APUN CLASSY-  BAAKI SAB CHOKRI RANDI !   TEEE HEEEEEEE !!

She slept with him in what she described as the largest bed she had ever seen. “I was very happy to have sex with him, and he did not want me to do anything kinky or sleazy.”

After their liaison, she became a part of the Khashoggi bank of women ready and willing to be used in his business deals. In the article, she described in detail a flight she was sent on from Geneva to Riyadh to service a Prince Mohammed, a senior member of the royal family, “who would be a key man in buying arms and vital technology.” 

The prince came in, looked her over, and said something to his secretary in Arabic. The secretary then took Pamella into a bathroom, where she was told to bathe and to wash her hair and blow-dry it straight. The prince, it seemed, wanted her with straight hair. 

Then she went to the prince’s room and had sex with him. 

The next day she was shipped back to Geneva. “He was somebody very, very important to Khashoggi. Khashoggi was keeping him supplied with girls. Khashoggi has all these deals going, and he needs a lot of girls for sexual bribes. I was just part of an enormous group. I was used as sexual bait.”: UNQUOTE 

Below: Memsaab - petro dollar maangtha hai ? phir mundi ka baal straight karo,  phattappat -- nahaake aana,  gaand bhi dhona, barabar -- attar daalke  !!




Many rich people cannot be motivated by money.  But most of them can be motivated by sex with a beautiful woman of some other race.  Indians are very vulnerable to white skin and blue eyes.

Honeypots are used to terminate bribes- and crush blackmailers /extortionists/ ransom seekers..

High value honey pots are branded by taking their photos with celebrities. In the age of photoshop it is so easy. They are equipped with microcameras to film the sleazy sex romp session.

No reputed man wants to be disgraced for ever- he loses his family and his profession. ( unless you are thick skinned like ABHISEX who had a woman lawyer giving a blowjob under the table –this youtube video is available-- – but hey, he is still going strong as a spokesman for the waitress on TV.



Imagine a major bank giving such honeypot services.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/03/white-slavery-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

OUR BENAMI MEDIA KEEPS BRAINWASHING YOUNG INDIAN CITY GIRLS TO BECOME HONEYPOTS .

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/relationships/man-woman/Have-more-sex-to-be-rich/articleshow/47010848.cms



Around 20,000 people lost their jobs when more than 400 branches and offices of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) in 72 countries shut down operations on that fateful day in July, 1991.

Swaleh Naqvi, was No 2 in BCCI, a friend of Agha Hasan Abedi.   




After Abedi suffered a stroke, he was removed from the helm and Swaleh was made the acting CEO in 1988.   His eldest son Nadeem Naqvi now the MD at the Karachi Stock Exchange

Robert Musella ( Mazur ) an undercover agent in the deadly Colombian Medellin drug cartel for 5 years , staged his own wedding since that was the only way to gather all the various characters involved in the BCCI scam from around the world. 

A white canopy tent, scarlet carpets, 250 chairs, the best champagne ,  and $20,000 worth of Colombian roses, with plenty of attractive honeypots were arranged..

Unsuspecting guests were picked up from the airport in Rolls Royce limousines and taken to a HAPPY ENDING ‘bachelor party’.  Little did they know, the party was over. They were on their way to being arrested and that too under the camera lights of NBC News. 

Operation C-Chase became one of the most successful undercover operations in the history of U.S. law enforcement, and evidence gathered during the bust proved critical to the conviction of General Manuel Noriega.

Below: These poor Pakistani Muslim people do NOT know that Islamic bank BCCI played an indispensable role in facilitating HUGE deals between Israel and some crypto bloodline desert kingdoms .




When you look at the Saudi support of the contras, ask yourself who the middleman was: there was no government-to-government connection between the Saudis and Nicaragua.  B.C.C.I. financed and brokered (Chinese) Silkworm missiles that went to Saudi Arabia- those were equipped with sophisticated Israeli guidance systems. 

When you couldn't use direct government transfers or national banks, B.C.C.I. was there to hot- wire the connections between Saudi Arabia, China and Israel.  

So whose great idea was it to start a BCCI type Islamic banking in India?  

 When BCCI wanted to seduce someone they just sent a large sum of money to his bank account.  Imagine you suddenly coming to know that 5 crores has landed up in your bank account from an anonymous source . 

Will you be pleased --  or will you shit in your pants or panties as the case may be?


When banks work with drug cartels , they can get anybody killed.   B.C.C.I. bought virtual control of customs officials in ports and air terminals around the world


When Jews want to infiltrate Islamic countries at a cellular level , they uses such Islamic banks. 

B.C.C.I.'s corporate structure allowed the bank to operate virtually without regulation all over the world. The bank's organizational web consisted of dozens of shell companies, offshore banks, branches and subsidiaries in 70 countries. It was incomprehensible even to its own financial officers and auditors.


The bank's extensive use of unregulated Cayman Islands accounts enabled it to hide almost anything. It was the bank that knew how to get around foreign-exchange rules and falsify letters of credit in support of smuggling.



When BCCI bank was shut down for good, the Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the President of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), owned 77% of the bank .   

See we killed 20 poor woodcutters who cut down red sander wood.  The big players, the politician cum smuggler mafia is never ever touched.     

Sreeshant was black bagged as a terrorist.   

Below: Who the hell are these Zionist sponsored Team owners to decide the value of a sportsman? 

In IPL4, Ganguly was humiliated and rejected - 

The gora auctioneer threw the Ganguly ball into the dust bin ,  and the BENAMI TV channels played the CLATTERING sound of the wooden ball rolling around in the empty dust bin- even I was aghast .



BOLLYWOOD STARS WILL DECIDE THE VALUE OF A CRICKETER ?


Is playing in an IPL team ( a circus when men are sold like whores to the highest bidder  ) same as playing for the nation?




More than  1.4 million people had deposits in the bank and ended up losing all their money.

There were a lot of Indian sailors who joined certain Zionist owned shipping companies based in Hong Kong .

The condition was NO BCCI ACCOUNT- NO JOB and those were the days of shipping recession. 


This is like a pedophile telling a young 3 year old girl- NO BLOW JOB NO ICE CREAM .




Many Pakistani, Bangladesi and Indian sailors lost their jobs when GULF SHIPPING of the Gokal shipping family went PHUTT.

Gokal had a personal relationship with Abedi dating back to his days at United Bank.  Abedi personally handled their loans, with little regard for details such as loan documents or creditworthiness.  

At one point, BCCI's loans to the Gokal companies were equivalent to US$1.5 billion, three times the bank's capital.  Longstanding banking practice dictates that a bank not lend more than 10 percent of its capital to a single customer.

Pakistani secret agency ISI had major connections to the BCCI bank—all DIRTY .

There was rigid compartmentalization; the 248 managers and general managers reported directly to Abedi and the CEO Swaleh Naqvi who micro managed them.


Many Pakistani, Bangladesi and Indian sailors lost their jobs when GULF SHIPPING of the Gokal shipping family went PHUTT.


 At Gulf Shipping had more than one hundred ships doing all sorts of illegal deals.  I will NOT speak further as I knows sailors love to give bull after 2 beers .  The G on the ship’s funnel was for Gokal- NOT Gulf Shipping .


Captain Kamal Mahmoodi was the Chairman and Chief Executive from 1970 to 1993.He was also the Co-Chairman of the group which controlled 92 Offices all over the World & 305 ships, owned & chartered.

Abbas Gokal had a personal relationship with Abedi dating back to his days at United Bank.  Abedi personally handled their loans, with little regard for details such as loan documents or creditworthiness.  

One brother Mustafa Gokal was advisor to Pakistani President Gen Zia Ul Haq.  He was a Minister in General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq Cabinet between 1977 and 1980.

At one point, BCCI's loans to the Gokal companies were equivalent to US$1.5 billion, three times the bank's capital.  Longstanding banking practice dictates that a bank not lend more than 10 percent of its capital to a single customer.

United Arab Shipping had 14 ships on bareboat charter to a subsidiary of the Gokal shipping group of Pakistan. My friends worked in these ships .  None of them got their wages ..


Pakistani shipping magnate Abbas Gokal’s   Geneva-headquartered Gulf Group was used to launder funds stolen from BCCI.  He was arrested in transit at Frankfurt airport on a flight between Pakistan and the USA and was returned to the UK for trial..  

He was jailed for a total of 14 years and a further three when he later failed to pay against a confiscation order ( Gokal was released in 2003 ).

Pakistani secret agency ISI had major connections to the BCCI bank—all DIRTY .

There was rigid compartmentalization; the 248 managers and general managers reported directly to Abedi and the CEO Swaleh Naqvi who micro managed them.


Western spy agencies worked with BCCI in arming and financing the Afghan mujahideen during the Afghan War against the Soviet Union, using BCCI to launder proceeds from trafficking heroin grown in the Pakistan-Afghanistan borderlands, boosting the flow of narcotics to European and U.S. markets.

BCCI’s demise began in 1986, when a US Customs undercover operation led by Special Agent Robert Mazur infiltrated the bank’s private client division and uncovered their active role soliciting deposits from drug traffickers and money launderers.  

This two-year undercover operation concluded in 1988 with a fake wedding that was attended by BCCI officers and drug dealers from around the world who had established a personal friendship and working relationship with undercover agent Mazur ( yes the guy with a FAKE wedding ).

After a six-month trial, BCCI, under immense pressure from US authorities, pleaded guilty in 1990, but only on the grounds of respondeat superior. While federal regulators took no action, Florida regulators forced BCCI to pull out of the state.

Respondeat superior is a legal doctrine which states that, in many circumstances, an employer is responsible for the actions of employees performed within the course of their employment

In 1990, a Price Waterhouse audit of BCCI revealed an unaccountable loss of hundreds of millions of dollars. BCCI had made a staggering $1.48 billion worth of loans to its own shareholders, who used BCCI stock as collateral.

The audit also confirmed what many Americans who had watched BCCI had long suspected-that BCCI secretly owned First American. First Indian had more than 4,000 professionals working out of offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Salem and Mangalore. 

Hamaara Hindustani agencies ko  KUCH NAAHI PATA !

Below:  Gabbar Singh's dialogue of HUMKO KUCH NAHI PATA- will stand the test of time - HATS OFF !  

Khada hai Gabbar R ke saamne goli khaane keliye -  BCCI / Martin Luther King JR, Gandhi --




The bank approached Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, who made good the loss in exchange for an increased shareholding of 78%.   Much of BCCI's documentation was also then transferred to Abu Dhabi- you see even the white house is wary of R created / royal bloodlines .


One of BCCI’s biggest initial depositors was the R friendly Shah of Iran. BCCI sprouted condors wings took full flight when Bank of America put up $2.5 million for a 30% stake.   At that time Bank of America was the largest bank in the world and controlled by Jews N.M. Rothschild & Sons.

Bank of America executive Roy P. M. Carlson orchestrated the BCCI deal.   Carlson became chairman of Bert Lance’s troubled National Bank of Georgia (NBG), which had already been secretly taken over by BCCI with the help of Saudi billionaire Ghaith Pharaon. In 1976, BCCI established a Swiss base of operations by purchasing 85% of Banque de Commerce et Placements (BCP) of Geneva.

Under BCCI control, BCP was managed by Alfred Hartmann, a former senior official of UBS. Hartmann eventually became chief financial officer for BCC Holding, and was the person most accountable for the "lost" $23 billion. While serving as BCCI's "man in Switzerland," Hartmann was always operating on behalf of the Rothschild family.

Hartmann was president of Rothschild Bank AG of Zurich, was vice-chairman of NY-Intermaritime Bank of Geneva (run by Mossad operative Bruce Rappaport), and was a member of the board of directors of the elite N.M. Rothschild and Sons in London.

The late Sheik Khalid bin Mahfouz, the Saudi Arabian billionaire who controlled National Commercial Bank – the biggest bank in the Arab world – owned 20%.  The al-Khalifa monarchs of Bahrain and the al-Qaboo monarchs of Oman also owned large shares in BCCI. And BCCI owned the National Bank of Oman.

1970, when Abedi was still head of the United Bank in Pakistan, Abedi established a cargo shipping company, the Hilal Group, operated by Associated Shipping Services, Limited, London, as an operational company for Abu Dhabi's Department of Private Affairs. Though primarily used to own cargo ships, the entity was also used for trading in equities, holding property investments, and other direct investments.

One of the entities owned by Hilal Group, Progressive Investment, had Abedi on its board. Later, when BCCI established the Cromwell Hospital in London to provide a medical facility for the Abu Dhabi ruling family and other prominent R created royal bloodlines ( AAH HAA ! doctor baaji achccha hai ).

BCCI and Abu Dhabi also engaged in a series of joint ventures, managed by BCCI, throughout the 1980's. Typical of such ventures was the China-Arab bank, a joint venture of BCCI and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, established in China in 1985 coincident with BCCI's opening of offices in China, to use funds from Abu Dhabi to invest in China.


Substantial contacts were exhumed after inquiries between BCCI and:

** former U.S. intelligence officials, including a former head of the CIA;

** former and current foreign intelligence officials; and

** individuals engaged in covert operations on behalf of the United States government, including in the Iran/Contra affair.

In addition, the US Subcommittee has received allegations of meetings between former CIA director William Casey and BCCI's head, Agha Hasan Abedi.

In the course of targeting BCCI for laundering drug money, the CIA learned of BCCI's involvement in manipulating certain financial markets, in arms trafficking, and in supporting international terrorism, including handling the finances of Sabri Al-Bannah or Abu Nidal, and his terrorist organization.

The single minded goal of BCCI senior management was growth in deposits at all branches internationally. The strategy being employed by BCCI to achieve rapid growth in assets and profits included manipulation of international financial markets and bribery, which was an approved policy encouraged by senior executives, including the general managers and President Abedi.

Kamal Adham was at the time of BCCI's creation in 1972, a BCCI shareholder -- the brother-in-law of King Faisal of Saudi Arabia, and the head of Saudi Intelligence.

On February 23, 1992, NBC News broadcast the allegation that former Director of Central Intelligence William Casey met secretly for three years with Abedi, that such meetings took place every few months at the Madison Hotel in Washington, D.C., and that they discussed matters relating to U.S. arms deals to Iran and the arming of Afghani rebels.

According to the CIA in February, 1992, the CIA found "no records or evidence whatsoever to indicate that former Director Casey or the Agency had any sort of relationship with Abedi."

Both Saudi businessman Adnan Khashoggi and Iranian arms merchant Manucher Ghorbanifar were central agents of the United States in selling arms to Iran in the Iran/Contra affair. According to the official chronologies of the Iran/Contra committees, Khashoggi acted as the middleman for five Iranian arms deals for the United States, financing a number of them through BCCI

Ghorbanifar was the individual who conceptualized the arms-for-hostage negotiations, and provided the initial channel to the "Iranian moderates" with whom the Reagan Administration negotiated prior to delivering shipments of U.S. TOW missiles and HAWKs to Iran in 1985 and 1986.

Both Adnan Khashoggi and Ghorbanifar banked at BCCI's offices in Monte Carlo, and for both, BCCI's services were essential as a means of providing short-term credit for sales of arms from the U.S. through Israel to Iran.

Ghorbanifar had helped the French government obtain the release of hostages held in Beirut, and that accordingly, BCCI would strengthen its status in France by handling Ghorbanifar's business.

YEH ISLAMIC BANK, BHARATMATA KELIYE ACHCHA HAI !  CHARKHA GHUMAAAKE !
http://defence.pk/threads/bharatiya-janata-party-leader-subramanian-swamy-sabotaged-islamic-banking.367598/

TOBA TOBA -

YEH SUBRAMANIAN SWAMY ACHCHA AADMI NAHI HAI !

YEH GHONCHU IDLI DOSA SWAMY ANTI-MUSLIM HAI - PARATHA PHAADKE ! 

In 1981, Khashoggi took $250,000 from Northrop intended to grease the palm of a Saudi Arabian Air Force General.   Four years  later, Northrop released documents accusing Khashoggi of demanding the bribe for the general, and then converting it to his own use.  

Now you know why some of our Indian Air Force and Navy Chiefs are so fond of Zionist planes—for a kickback is assured( deposited in a Swiss bank ) .




Today the US Navy has gone GA GA , declaring that Northrop drone is first unmanned plane to be refueled in air.

IF YOU DO A NARCO TEST ON CHANDRASWAMI -- A LOT OF BIG CAT POLITICIANS, ARMED FORCES BIG BRASS etc WILL TAKE THE NEXT PLANE OUT OF INDIA - ON A ONE WAY TICKET !

Below: Small example ?-- what is Chandraswami ( a crypto Jew - Jain ) doing with Martin Ardbo ,the director of Swedish BOFORS and Adnan Khashoggi ? Assassinated Swedish PM Olof Palme was a crypto Jew --

BAHOOOT YAARANA LAGTHA HAI  !!







When Narasimha Rao was PM Chandra swami had unlimited access to the Indian PMs  official residence at , 7 Race Course Road.

The telephone records of Chandraswami from Sindoori hotel Chennai are available with our security agencies, the hour Rajiv gandhi was assassinated.    

Italian middleman Ottavio Quatrochchi had unfettered access to the waitress.


ABHI BAHOOT BORE HO GAYA—THODA DIGRESSION MAANGTHA HAI NA ?


I spoke about my Dutch Chief Engineer and a racists Technical Manager, before in this post , right.

As soon as I joined the ship, I found my Chief Engineer being extremely racist towards me – the Captain.

Now, I am NOT in the habit on doing anything KNEE JERK- for I know who I YAM.

He used to come to my cabin place his shoe clad leg on my table and talk to me.

Saala Indian coolie— KALOOOO !

So on the 3rd day , I laid out the EQUATION –

I told him “Just because the owner of the company is Dutch, and the shore bosses are all Dutch, this does NOT mean you are my boss on the ship.  On this ship I am your fu#kin’ boss – and I know the message you send to me when you talk to me with your leg on my office table “

His face became red and he kept his foot down.


I continued ”  You wore 4 stripes 12 years after I wore 4 stripes .This means you look down one me because according to you black skinned people are inferior to you--  

But I promise you this – BEFORE I SIGN OFF FROM THIS TANKER AT THE END OF MY CONTRACT , I WILL HAVE YOU KNEELING IN FRONT OF ME- ON YOUR OWN ACCORD AND FREE WILL . WAIT FOR THAT DAY  !”

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/old-sea-dog-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

After you read about this true incident , you will find that my SELF INTRODUCTION is NOT off the mark.

THEY SAY I AM---

the hardcore hindoostani
the also ran with sea spent eyes
the universal water seeking your level
your turning glance
the amplified belch
the clitoral image
the anne french in your shampoo
the moron within the genius
the ball of fire which oceans cannot quench
the hue of endless night
the blood from your mind’s vein
your heart wrung tear
the great goddamn weep
the wound in your body which wont show
the ultimate cathartic
the mask of medusa
the slave who makes caesar jealous
what you see in him
the enduring sea legend
the hefty shoulder on all your wheels
your substitute for thought
the eloquent eyebrow
the off spring of his own thoughts
where mystery and knowledge collide
patton at sea
the last Columbus

---ONLY I KNOW WHO I YAM !

I did NOT have to wait too long as I had my Chief Engineer up shit creek without a paddle on departure  Seattle USA with a pilot on board – exactly 6 days after this conversation— when the ship’s main engine conked off .  

The engine’s giant turbocharger came down from 20,000 revolutions per minute to ZERO in just 4 seconds .

I saw it happening on the bridge console.

To be frank as a DECK BOY ,I knew more about main engines that that Dutch Chief Engineer or any other Chief Engineer I sailed with.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/marine-engineering-self-examiner-ships.html

You car engine piston will fit in your wife’s purse.



The ships main engine piston is obviously larger.



I will leave technical matters aside , as it is beyond the scope of this post.

As soon as the ship’s engines were stopped by chief engineer I had to immediately ring him up and tell his to keep the engine turning at slow speed to prevent thermal shock.  He said it is NOT possible- so I had to tell him to put on blowers on manual.

I immediately went to the SCAVENGE AIR RECEIVER PAGE on the computer ( duplicated on bridge ) and found from the trend graphs of temperature and pressure , that the engines suffered a scavenge air receiver EXPLOSION – no wonder the turbocharger came to  a grinding halt probably with debris and heat expansion.

Then I had to deal with a STUPID old Yank pilot.

He wanted to drop anchor –LETT  GOOO  ANCHOZZZZZZ .

I said- at this residual speed of 15 knots and water depth I will lose my anchors—and where is the imminent need – I showed him a spot on the chart and told him to take the ship there

Then he wanted to start the bow thruster – and I had to tell him that it wont work—only the rudder can turn or steer the ship.  

There was NO point in explaining to this stupid old man that the fulcrum of the ship’s lever is almost on the bows and the bow thruster can only function when the speed drops to less than 4 knots.  

And I had to be nice with him, or he would report to the US Coast Guard and then we are screwed .

I ran down to the engine room like Usian Bolt ..

My chief engineer was sitting there and sweating without providing leadership.

I asked him what the problem is- he did NOT have a clue—and gave me all sorts of wrong diagnosis –like asshole problem/ throat problem/ liver problem/ kidney problem —when the problem was with the lungs . 

The engine needs air and fuel.  An automated engine shuts down by itself – that is why you are given TREND GRAPHS on the computer for every single part of the engine.

So I had to give him orders –how to blank the turbocharger – I refused to take his EMERGENCY REQUISITION message for a brand new turbocharger ( TEE HEE ) and that too the wrong model .

To cut a long story short-

HERE WAS A DOCTOR WHOSE SON VOMITED AND HE WANTS TO DO A TEETH TRANSPLANT.

This is how stupid Western Chief Engineers are – as unlike Indians they are NOT mechanical Engineer graduates after a 4 year course.  They all came up as oilers and motormen-practical knowledge exists but theory is poor.  

There is a HUGE difference between a heart surgeon and his nurse who has been with him ever since he started surgery.

This is why I wrote my SELF EXAMINER SERIES – I will put one more example –

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/marine-engineering-self-examiner.html

The turbocharger fan blades were stuck and frozen- I predicted that it will become loose by itself if we give 20 minutes cooling time , assisted by a compressed air hose.

I went back on the bridge to drop anchor

I got a call from the Chief Engineer , that the turbocharger blades were turning smooth jut by air from the engine room ventilation.

So here we were as good as new.



My Chief engineer was excellent in taking a PRESSURE VOLUME draw diagram- but he was ZERO when it came to interpreting it.

The blog below shows a diagram I used to teach him—

YES , A DECK BOY TEACHING AN ENGINEER.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/draw-diagram-marine-two-stroke-main.html

I told him how to take precautions to prevent another scavenge air receiver explosion.   And to throw away his AL MIGHTY requisition for a brand new turbocharger.

Nothing was official and he did NOT lose his job.

Yet he had to make a small report to the office—I called him to my cabin so that we could send a message to the owners.



THE MAN WHO WOULD TALK TO ME WITH ONE LEG ON MY TABLE – WAS NOW ON BOTH HIS KNEES ON THE CARPET BY MY SIDE LOOKING INTO MY COMPUTER  – REFUSING TO TAKE THE CHAIR I GAVE HIM.

If he has indeed kept his leg on the table - 

I would have bloodied his UNGRATEFUL fu#kin' Dutch nose –

-- done it so many times !

He knew about it from the grape vine .

TEEE HEEEEEE !

Below: Here is a BONUS video - for peabrained Chutney Marys who screw up the car clutch!



THUMB RULE IN LIFE -- KNOW WHAT YOU DO -  

CHUTNEY MARYs MUST ATLEAST KNOW WHICH ORIFICE THE FOOD GOES IN AND WHICH ORIFICE THE WASTE COMES OUT ( NO THESE ORIFICES ARE NOT MEANT TO RECEIVE PICKLE JOHNs PRICK ) .




Ben Banerjee, a millionaire arms dealer has been linked with several newsworthy names and events:  Nicaraguan Contras, the Khomeini regime (mines export to Iran), Gaddafi's Libya, Lt-Colonel Oliver North of Irangate fame.  His case made national headlines when Scottish Labour Party MP Tarn Dalyell demanded an inquiry by the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) into Banerjee's "export activities".

According to Die Welt, Iran's ambassador to West Germany, Mohammad Djavad Salari, signed a letter authorizing the purchase of the anti-tank weapons worth $264 million, and North, then a member of the U.S. National Security Council, took part in one  negotiating session on Nov. 20, 1984.  

The newspaper said the purchase authorization came after talks in a Hamburg hotel between Iranians and two British-based arms dealers, Michael J. Aspin, owner of the weapons dealership Delta Investments and Indian-born millionaire weapons dealer Ben Banerjee, chief of the British company BR and W. Industries.   

Both Banerjee and North denied the allegation.

London branches of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International was used to finance sales of U.S. anti-tank missiles to Iran during its war with Iraq, The Financial Times had reported
BCCI ‘s chairman, Aga Hasan Abedi, had a special relationship with Bangladesh and its long-serving dictator, President Hussain Mohammed Ershad. 

When Ershad's relatives needed jobs, for example, Abedi quietly hired them for high-paying senior management positions at key BCCI branches in Hong Kong, Britain and Canada.

When Abedi needed a diplomatic cover to bring BCCI into the lucrative banking market in the oil-rich sultanate of Brunei, Ershad dipped into his nation's meager budget, hired one of BCCI's most flamboyant bank managers to serve as Bangladesh's first ambassador to Brunei and opened a new Bangladeshi embassy in the sultanate.

It functioned more like a BCCI sales office than the foreign mission of a fellow Islamic nation.
BCCI created a Bangladeshi charitable trust, the BCC Foundation. It ostensibly was set up to finance scholarships for the needy, rural health care centers and school libraries across Bangladesh.

The foundation was financed entirely by donations from profits of BCCI's Bangladesh operations; in turn, those operations were made virtually tax-free by virtue of the charitable donations.

But in reality, less than 10% of the donations have gone to charity. Like a similar foundation that BCCI created to avoid taxes in nearby Pakistan, the Bangladesh BCC Foundation earned far more in interest alone than it gave to worthy causes each year.

The foundation's showcase program, a "Talent Assistance Scheme" to give needy college-age students interest-free loans, received just 400,000 taka (about $10,500) in donations , while the foundation made nearly 10 million taka in interest alone.

DOES INDIA KNOW OF TROJAN HORSE NGOs FUNDED BY BCCI  IN INDIA ?  WE ARE LITTLE BO PEEPs , RIGHT ? 


NOW MODI GOVT HAS SUDDENLY WOKEN UP AND DECIDED TO TAKE ON Rs FORD FOUNDATION.

WE DO NOT WANT FORD FOUNDATION TO SAVE BHARATMATA --  LAY OFF !




"N.R. Narayana Murthy ( TRUSTEE BOARD MEMBER ) is respected around the world as a pivotal leader  in international business, key innovator in information technology and  champion of strong corporate governance- He is deeply committed to the mission and values of the Ford Foundation and will play a critical role in advancing our efforts to improve lives and create opportunity for people throughout the world."--    Kathryn Fuller, chair of the  Ford Foundation Board of Trustees

SNIFF !

I AM TOUCHED –LIKE MADONNA, FOR THE VERY PHAARST – NAY –FIRST TIME !

Below: Magsaysay award winner Admiral LN Ramdas wife is anti-Kudankulam , his daughter has a Pakistani husband.  Ford Foundation on 12th June 2012 appointed  Kavita N. Ramdas as representative in its New Delhi office, serving India, Nepal and Sri Lanka.




Agha Hasan Abedi, the founder of BCCI , played a major role in helping the Carter Center get established.  He donated $500,000 to help set up the Center at Emory University, and later contributed more than $10 million to Mr. Carter’s ( misuse of a good name ) various projects.

This is like an evil Zionist mining company calling itself VEDANTA.

Today the Carter Center employs 150 full- and part-time workers who are based primarily in Atlanta, with some field representatives stationed in Africa, South America, Eastern Europe, and Central America.

Carter Center has a  Human Rights Program—QUOTE  “intervene[es] on behalf of victims of human rights abuses; strengthen[s] the voices of human rights defenders internationally; and build[s] capacity for rule of law in partnerships with civil society, governments, and international organizations.” UNQUOTE .

With an annual operating budget of $36 million, the Carter Center is supported by grants from many Zionist “charitable foundations” , including the Bank of America Foundation, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Boston Foundation, the FORD FOUNDATION , the Rockefeller Foundation etc
From 2000 to 2003, the aggregate sum of foundation, corporate, and individual contributions to the Carter Center was more than $433 million.

The Carter Center has also been a longtime recipient of crypto bloodline Arab Kingdom funding:

Before his death in 2005, Saudi Arabia’s King Fahd made several large donations to the Center, including a 1993 gift of $7.6 million.

As of 2005, the king’s nephew, Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal (whose post-9/11 offer of $10 million to New York City was rejected by then-mayor Rudolph Giuliani because it was accompanied by the suggestion that America should cut back its support of Israel), had given at least $5 million to the Carter Center.

In 2001 the government of the United Arab Emirates gave the Center $500,000.

In 2001, the Center received the $500,000 Zayed International Prize for the Environment

In 1998, Sultan Qabood bin Said of Oman pledged $1 milion to the Center.


The Saudi Fund for Development has been another major contributor, as have the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development and the government of Nigeria. Morocco’s Prince Moulay Hicham Ben Abdallah has collaborated with the Carter Center on various initiatives.

ZIONISTS MEDIA  MAKES A HUE AND CRY THAT THIS FOUNDATION IS ANTI-ISRAEL-- 

BUT HEY -LOOK AT THE DONORS  ! 
BBBRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY !

GM seeds research was funded covertly.  The whole idea was for the Zionists to CONTROL SEEDS and hence the food chain and supply. A secretive company named  Delta & Pine Land grew into the modern Monsanto Corporation of St. Louis, Missouri.

The GM food ( GREEN REVOLUTION ) was never  about ‘solving the world hunger problem’ – but clandestinely gaining absolute control over the seeds for mankind’s basic food supply—rice, corn, soybeans, wheat, even fruit, vegetables and cotton—to privately owned corporations.

The GM foods they make would have TERMINATOR/ STERILE SEEDS . Seeds would go through Rev 1 Rev 2 ( like in computer software ) and the poor third world farmer cannot uses his produce to plant as seeds .

Terminator corn or soybeans or cotton seeds could be genetically modified to ‘commit suicide’ after one harvest season. That would automatically prevent farmers from saving and re-using the seed for the next harvest.

The largest shareholder in Felta and Pineland ( D&PL ) was the Stephens Group.

Stephens evidently built his career and fortune by being connected to the ‘right’ people. He was a US Naval Academy classmate of Jimmy Carter and during the Georgia bank scandals of President Carter’s Office of Management & Budget chief, Bert Lance, it was Jack Stephens who stepped in to bail Lance out of an extremely embarrassing financial debacle with Lance’s old bank, National Bank of Georgia.

How Stephens helped Jimmy Carter’s fellow Georgia buddy, Lance, is the interesting part. Stephens introduced Lance to a Pakistani businessman, Agha Hasan Abedi- the founder of a curious Luxembourg-registered, London-based bank called BCCI.



Jackson Stephens was no casual business acquaintance of BCCI’s Agha Hasan Abedi.  In response to the concerns over Jackson Stephens’ involvement in BCCI, the Ohio Attorney General noted in a 1993 report, ‘Stephens’ name has been linked to securities violations that allegedly occurred when BCCI of Agha Hasan Abedi, acquired stock and control over the Washington-based First American Bank.’  

In 1991, Stephens joined BCCI investor Mochtar Riady in buying BCCI’s former Hong Kong subsidiary from its liquidators.

Below: Capt Ajit Vadakayil does NOT eat GM corn !



Delta & Pine Land was well-placed globally to proliferate its suicide seeds now, with the corporate and financial clout of the giant Monsanto company.   

Delta & Pine had subsidiaries including D&PL Argentina, D&PL China, D&PL China PTE in Singapore, Deltapine Paraguay, Delta Pine de Mexico, Deltapine Australia, Hebei Ji Dai Cottonseed Technology Company in China, CDM Mandiyu in Argentina, Delta and Pine Land Hellas in Greece, D&M Brazil Algodao of Brazil,  D&PL India,  D&PL Mauritius Ltd.

This vast global network combined with Monsanto’s dominant position in the GMO seeds and agri-chemicals market along with the unique DP&L Patent No. 5,723,765, Control of Plant Gene _Expression, now give Monsanto and its close friends in Washington an enormous advance in their plans to dominate world food and plant seed use. 



THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A CRYPTO MUSLIM ALLOWS A JEW TO FIRE OVER HIS SHOULDERS.



SO WHO ELSE WANTS TO SAY THAT BCCI WAS AN ISLAMIC BANK ? 

CHARKHA GHUMAAKE ?




The BCCI bank founded by Rothschild using his Zionist friendly and crypto desert kingdom bloodline friendly Muslim Abedi was the original NEW WORLD ORDER bank for Crooks and Criminals. 

Cash was needed to build the capstone for the new global criminal empire, and the BCCI provided it. 

When the criminal elites had what they needed, they shut down the BCCI vehicle – and seized $20 billion in assets. 

Poor Abedi — CHOOTIYA BANAAYA USKO.

The current US Secretary of State Bilderberger John Kerry was instrumental at the time as Senate chair of the investigation, in making sure no prying eyes got a good look into the dirty CIA deals festering throughout the BCCI network.


BCCI, is known as the R Bank for Crooks and Criminals.



ARE THERE ANY ZIONIST DARLING HINDU GURUS IN INDIA WHO LIVE IN LUXURY , WHO HAVE RICH DEVOTEES , WHO DRIVE FANCY SUVs, WHO ARE BUSY PLANTING TREES USING CHILDREN TO SET GUINNESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS?



WAS IT NECESSARY TO START FROM THE DESERT 150 YEARS AGO TO BCCI BANK? 

INDEED IT IS !! 

OR NOBODY WILL BELIEVE WHO MUCH ZIONISTS HAVE INVADED ISLAM .  

MIND YOU ,  I AM JUST REVEALING ABOUT 0.1 %


WHY DOES OUR PM NARENDRA MODI SING PRAISES OF GM DHAL AND GM KELA ?  

CHARKHA GHUMAAKE ? 

MISTER MODI, WE WILL NOT ALLOW YOU AND YOU LANGOT ZIONIST YAARS TO SAVE BHARATMATA WITH GM FOODS !




BCCI bank connections with R is portrayed well in the Hollywood movie THE INTERNATIONAL.  

I would like my readers to see this movie.

The BCCI was the largest criminal corporate enterprise ever, the biggest Ponzi scheme ever , the most pervasive money-laundering operation in history, the only bank  that ran a brisk sideline business in both conventional and nuclear weapons, gold, drugs, turnkey mercenary armies, intelligence and counter intelligence, shipping and commodities from cement in the Middle East to Honduran coffee to Vietnamese beans to providing nuclear bombs  to Pakistan.




BCCI bank was a Zionist controlled armed Renaissance city-state of Machiavelli’s era than a modern corporation.  

This 'bank' possessed its very own diplomatic corps, intelligence network, and private army, its own shipping and commodities trading companies. 

R planned centuries in advance in the hot deserts using his two agents William Shakespear ( Al Saud ) and TE Lawrence ( Hussain ) - playing GOOD,  GUY BAD GUY .

This is the meaning of PERCEPTION !

ZIONIST DARLING MODI HAS TO PLAN ONLY 20 YEARS IN ADVANCE TO LEAD BHARATMATA TO HER RIGHTFUL POSITION AS THE PLANETs NO 1 SUPERPOWER - 


ABHE BANDAR EK AUR KHAA - TANDURUST HOJA !




BUT HEY, MODI WANTS TO GIVE US VIKAAAS USING GM KELA -- ZIONISTS LOOK ON INDIANS AS MONKEYS,, ANYWAY..
I SPIK -- nay-- I ask-- could BCCI ever set base in Rs banking stronghold at Luxembourg?


Is it possible for BCCI to get cover in USA for a decade without Rs help?


Why was  BCCI never hindered by bank regulators, law enforcement authorities, or politicians?
The BCCI network was connected to some of the most powerful people in the world, most of them crypto Jews.

No bank had ever BOUGHT influence in this manner.  There is one POLITICIAN sponsored bank in India doing it now —and they got a Bollywood female  FACE  .

We know who all are in their payroll !

BCCI used this influence to protect itself from its enemies, the way R has always done it.

This planet never knew how much Zionists connected with the desert crypto bloodline kingdoms.

WAH RAAJA WAH !



Because the bank was a privately held institution (it's shares couldn't be bought on any stock market), it was not obliged to provide detailed information to the public and it was not scrutinized by stock market analysts.  

Anyone who did try to figure out BCCI by studying it's annual reports would be stymied by its complicated structure and Urdu records : a maze of subsidiaries and affiliates incorporated in several different countries. 

The bank had it's own intelligence and counter-intelligence apparatus, much like MOSSAD or KGB.
Many of the people involved in this network were ex-KGB and Stasi members looking to cash in on their highly-specialized skillsets.  They used these skills and their contacts for activities such as surveillance, extortion, kidnapping and murder - anything to further the banks interest.


Last time when Qadri came to Pakistan , we know who protected him and his bomb proof container. And he was thundering on his mike “ Shoot me first before you shoot mE people !”

If a Naxal leader wanted guns , all he needed was to use a BCCI funded Indian NGO . Immediately things would roll like Rolls Royse .   BCCI would identify the  seller, paying off port customs officials to allow smooth, uninhibited transport, utilizing their own shipping companies to move the goods, their own manpower to protect the goods , their own planes to air drop arms in the Red corridor , and their own bank accounts to store all of the money associated with the entire transaction.




BCCI did NOT need to re-invent their founder Rs wheel-- the idea of promoting conflict in order to profit from the debt that it creates, but what they did was streamline the process. Nobody would suspect a Muslims was serving a Jews interests . R perfected the DOUBLE AGENT thing .


Illicit arms dealing, money laundering, predatory lending, odious debt, third-world conflict –iswhat is going on today –and we know who wanted an INDIAN VERSION OF PAKISTANI BCCI BANK .



We know why in August 2013,  RBI, in a surprise move, allowed a non-bank finance company in Kerala - Cheraman Financial Services - to operate in Shariah-compliant mode.  We are NOT idiots !

Sheikh Khalid bin Mahfouz, the Saudi billionaire who had, in the 1980s, been the largest shareholder of BCCI, and who had served as executive director of the bank.

Sheikh Mahfouz was also one of history’s most destructive financial criminals, and when he and other BCCI principals were tried for their BCCI crimes, the presiding judge (who sentenced them to pay fines that were fraction of what they looted) named Sheikh Mahfouz as one among the people who had “shattered the integrity of the global financial system.”

Sheikh Mahfouz was the the principal banker to the Saudi royal family

The Gulf Group owned by Abbas Gokal was linked to the nuclear weapons proliferation network operated by Pakistan’s intelligence service and Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan, known as “The Father of the Islamic Bomb.”

General Zia and Mr. Abedi were close, and General Zia was considered a good friend of the bank. His son once worked as a B.C.C.I. executive in the Persian Gulf emirate of Dubai.

Zia helped the Gokals, the Gokals helped Abedi and the bank, and Abedi and the bank helped Zia's Government In the early 1980's, Mustafa Gokal was appointed by General Zia as his chief shipping adviser, a role that gave Mr. Gokal expansive powers over Pakistan's merchant shipping industry.

Pakistani dictator General Zia Ul Haq was killed in a 1988 plane crash .

DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES.


I must now take a bath- I am covered with shit.

SINCE THIS POST IS GETTING TOO LONG , WITH TOO MAY COMMENTS -- I WILL SPLIT IT INTO PART 2

the new post name is -

LAWRENCE OF ARABIA , PART TWO - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
******************************************************************************
LAWRENCE OF ARABIA PART 2 , ARMENIAN GENOCIDE EXHUMED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ARMENIAN CHRISTIAN MASSACRE OF 1885 ( 300, 000 DEAD AT ISTANBUL ) AND 1915  ( 1.6 MILLION DEAD ) BY CRYPTO JEWS EXHUMED ,




THIS IS A CONTINUATION OF MY POST -

LAWRENCE OF ARABIA TRUTH EXHUMED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THIS POST IS CONTINUED FROM -


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html

In Mumbai all must have heard of SASSOON DOCK at Cuffe Parade where you get good fresh fish.



It was from here Rothschild’s opium agent Sassoon packed off his Malva opium Opium for China into ships.

This dock was built in 1875 bu Opium running Company  David Sassoon & Co., owned by Albert Abdullah David Sassoon ( died 1896), son of David Sassoon, a Baghdadi Jew and the leader of the Jewish community in Bombay.  

They were OPEN Jews and NOT crypto-don’t get fooled by ABDULLH- DAVID.   But back home in Baghdad they were Crypto Jews. . 

Below: There were many Parsi drug runners in Mumbai as agents of Sassoon and Rothschild --they were all filthy rich when R left India in 1947 as he handed over his immovable assets to them - as BENAMI fronts..



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/drug-runners-of-india-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html



Below: Sassoons BRIBED all and sundry with gold , to make Muslim fight with Ottoman Muslim- and carve out the state of Israel .  Sassoons were Rothschild bloodline too by marriage.


David Sassoon a Baghdadi Jew and Jewish banker of David Sassoon & Co., with branches in China, Japan and Hong Kong uses his monopoly of the opium trade in this area, on behalf of the Rothschild controlled British government, to traffic 18,956 chests of opium earning millions of dollars for the Rothschilds’ and the British Royal family. 

David Sassoon ( 1792 –  1864) was the treasurer of Baghdad between 1817 and 1829.

Below : Kingpin David Sassoon .




Almost all the Mumbai textile mills were owned bewteen Sassoon and Rothshild’s opium agent  Parsis.  Sassoons were the largest mill owners and were known as Badshah of the business community of Bombay.   

Overall there were 17 mills, each mill having more than 20,000 workers.  When I was a child I used to get a mental orgasm thinking how honest and resourceful the Parsis and the Marwaris were ( actually drug runners of Rothschild  ).

OPIUM MONEY AND KERALA TEMPLE GOLD WAS INVOLVED IN CARVING OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL .


David Sassoon could NOT speak a word of English , yet Rothschild used his clout to make him a naturalised British citizen in 1853.

Rothschild had enough clout to make the Queen and King of England get into MURGA position of the table and then slap each other for an hour.

David Sassoon the Bedouin dress and manners of the Baghdadi Jews. William Shakespear scounted around to find the crypto Jews Bedoiuns .   

No matter how Islamic they looked and behaved in public, they still continued with some ancient Jew customs and rituals for which they had NO explanation.

David Sassoon’s  son, Abdullah changed his name to Albert, moved to England, became a Baronet and married into the Rothschild family.  All the Sassoons of Europe are descendants of David Sassoon .

He was the GOD FATHER of the Kerala Bene Israeli and Cochin Jewish communities.

King Solomon imported sandalwood to make his palace staircase and teak for his ships from Calicut ( my hometown).

In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut for refuge.

In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

 In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.

In 135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut, to avoid extermination.   The Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin—when the Catholic Portuguese destroyed their Synagogue at Kodungallur..

Jesus Christ of King Solomon’s bloodline came to Kerala to study healing, astronomy, and to raise his Kundalini.   He took a wife with him from Kerala known as Mary Magdalene.   

Below: Chitpavan Jews of Pune took care of David Sassoon's grave .



Siegfried Sassoon, (father of  Alfred Ezra Sassoon (1861–1895), son of Sassoon David Sassoon, was a member of the wealthy Baghdadi Jewish Sassoon OPIUM merchant family.)

Sir Philip Sassoon, 3rd Baronet Sassoon was a member of the prominent Jewish Sassoon family and Rothschild family.  His father was Sir Edward Albert Sassoon, 2nd Baronet, MP, son of Albert Abdullah David Sassoon; his mother was Aline Caroline, daughter of Gustave Samuel de Rothschild . 
His sister was Sybil Sassoon, who married the Marquess of Cholmondeley . He was a cousin of the war poet Siegfried Sassoon.

Barely five months before Siegfried Sassoon set foot in Gaza, the British had issued the Balfour Declaration, a document that would become the charter for the modern state of Israel. A scrap piece of paper Churchill used as this planet’s constitution.

Rothschild made secret promises to the Muslim Arabs of an independent state (which the Arabs assumed would include Palestine) if in return they helped the British overthrow the Ottoman Turks; this the Arabs did by rallying behind that diminutive desert boulevardier who was Sassoon’s great friend, Lawrence of Arabia ( no sex involved ) .

The Balfour Declaration made a CHOOT out of the Muslim Arabs- these naïve people have still NOT realized all this, beause their Kings and leaders are crypto Jews in Muslim garb-doing Namaaz..

The promise made to the Arabs were contradictory and adversarial, but since HUGE oil wealth and the empire were at stake, the Brits decided to keep calm and carry on.

Alfred Sassoon, the Orthodox Iraqi Jewish family that had settled in Bombay and become so fabulously rich on opium , was known as theRothschilds of the East. 

The family claimed to be descended from King David ( SIC SIC SIC ) – and hence  SAME BLOODLINE AS JESUS



David Sassoon's grandson, David Solomon Sassoon (1880–1942), travelled extensively to create the ideological foundation of the WANNABE state of Israel—



ALL BULL OF THE FIRST ORDER .    MOSES DID NOT EXIST WHEN THE PYRAMIDS WERE MADE IN EGYPT .  DNA TESTS DO NOT LIE  .



You can read his book titled Ohel David.  He cooked up twenty-four distinct liturgical rites used by the different Jewish communities of the nineteenth century:  Aleppo, Ashkenazi, Egyptian, Italian, North African (Morocco), Tunis, Tlemcen, Karaite, Sefardi (Spanish), Bene Israel, Cochin, Turkish, Yemen, among others.

BAAP RE !




WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR AND SASSOON SCOUTED AROUND FOR MATRILINEALITY AMONG ARAB BEDOIUNS.

 Matrilineality in Judaism is the view that people born of a Jewish mother are themselves Jewish.
Muhammad the prophet was a Namboodiri Hindu (PAGAN savage if you please )  .

The disgraced Namboodiris  founded Judaism and they wanted matrilineality .

The patrilineal joint family of the Namboodiri Brahmins ( Illam ) was all about safeguardin the land in Kerala from sub-division and fragmentation.

Today there is NO agriculture in Kerala as land pieces are too small for profitable agriculture.

OUR ZIONIST DARLING PMMODI DOES NOT REALISE THAT SUB DIVISON AND FRAGMENTAION IS CAUSING OUR INDIAN FARMERS TO COMMIT SUICIDE.

Only the eldest male member of the Kerala Namboodiri Illom was allowed to marry women of his own caste; he was allowed polygamy to the extent of four wives.

This is the FIGURE OF FOUR Namboodiri Muhammad picked up for Islam.

THE AVATAR OF VISHNU LORD PARASHURAMA CREATED THIS SYSTEM OF FOUR WIVES FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THIS PLANET 6000 YEARS AGO

 –YES—

FOR KERALA HINDU BRAHMINS WHO HELD ALL 4 VEDAS AND ALL 108 UPANISHADS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/worst-racists-on-planet-earth-capt-ajit.html

Ayurveda survived in India only because Parashurama made it compulsory to have snake temples which held priceless medicinal herbs .  In modern times we call such areas reservations— example : Tiger reserve

Let me quote wikipedia on Ibn Saud chosen by Rothschild using William Shakespear m to rule Arabia .

QUOTE :Abdul Aziz headed a polygamous household comprising several wives and concubines. According to some sources, he had twenty-two consorts. Many of his marriages were contracted in order to cement alliances with other clans, during the period when the Saudi state was founded and stabilized. Abdul Aziz was the father of almost a hundred children, including forty-five sons.UNQUOTE

Judaism, Hindusim , Islamic or Christianity does not allow so many wives .

Below: Ibn Saud in 1934 with R agent -having lunch.




THE ARMENIAN MASSACRE TRUTH HAS TO BE EXHUMED -A CENTURY HAS PASSED -  

MUSLIMS HAVE BEEN UNFAIRLY BLAMED FOR THIS AMAZING HOLOCAUST .     

THE JEWS DID THE GENOCIDE !   

EVEN PUTIN WAS FOOLED !!!

THIS BLOGSITE WILL DO IT IN THIS POST--

ONLY CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL HAS THE PERCEPTION TO DO THIS .!!  

IN 7000 BC INDIA RULED ARMENIA .  




AND MY REVELATIONS WILL NOW JUMP TO 6.15% .

Below: Garni temple in Armenia - it was a Hindu temple before it was broken down .





The name of my home is AAKASH GANGA –  or Milky Way

Armenia means Milky way ( hard goghi chanaparh, or Straw Thief’s Way ).  

In those days astronomy was known only to PAGANS (  read as Hindus ).

On this GARNI  temple (  PAGAN Stonehenge )  built in 7000 BC,  Hindus were doing astronomy to test the Sri Yantra divine geometry-which contains the THEORY OF EVERYTHING .

Below : So is the Armenian SWASTIKA a Hilter's symbol.  Sorry , we have it in every Puja room in India.

I have it in my home puja room too.

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/swastika-symbol-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html




So—


is this STAR OF DAVID  a Jewish symbol ?



Sorry ,it is a Hindu symbol of Shiva merging with Shakti at the Saharasrara Chakra.

This symbol exists in ancient Hindu Kerala / Karnataka  temples — vandalized by Rothschild wherever possible .   

The ancient Somnath temple sandal wood doors had the 6 pointed star.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html


Below: Why do Hindus motiffs exist inside the Garni temple of Armenia ?





CHECK OUT HOW MUSLIMS HAVE CLAIMED QUTAB MINAR , BELOW !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html


IN 7000 BC ARMENIA WAS RULED BY INDIA  

You must visit Armenia and check out the  Areni-1 cave complex have resulted in the discovery of the world's earliest known leather shoe



Temple of Garni was for Sun God Mithra mentioned in Rig Veda penned won in 5000 BC.  

The Vishapa stones found in the cave of Areni -1 are same as the Vedic Shivalinga



Vishapa means ( Vrishabha in Sanskrit and Malayalam ) – the bull – Lord Shiva’s vahana.



Near the Temple of Garni an artifact of a hoof of a bull, modeled with white marble, was discovered, which used to belong to the pagan ( Hindu )  idol.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/nandi-bull-vahana-and-gatekeeper-of.html



The name Mitanni comes from Mithra.


Rigvedic hymns to Mitra-Varuna include RV 1.136, 137, 151-153, RV 5.62-72, RV 6.67, RV 7.60-66, RV 8.25 and RV 10.132. Mitra is addressed independently in one hymn only RV 3.59.

Mitra, Surya, Hurya, Solomon, Suleyman, Shulman are all same ( H and S is same )


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/vedic-hindu-fire-temple-of-baku.html

The Mitanni kings used the ancient Vedic  term r'ta, meaning "cosmic order and truth", -The central concept of the Rig Veda, was also employed in the Mitanni kingdom. Indra was worshipped in the Mittani kingdom.


Mitra is the force by which the course of the sun is regulated;  Savitr (RV 1.35) is identified with Mitra because of those regulations, and Vishnu (RV 1.154) takes his three steps by those regulations.    Agni is kindled before dawn to produce Mitra, and when kindled is Mitra.

 In the Atharvaveda, Mitra is again associated with sunrise.


Vedic Mitra is attested in a 4500 year old Mitanni inscription in which a Indo-Aryan king of Mitanni invokes the gods Mitra, Indra, Varuna, and the Nasatyas as guarantors of his sworn obligations.


In the 1st century AD the PAGAN (Hindu ) Temple of Garni was ruined by Roman armies.

Garni is derived from 'GHRINI  (घृणि) meaning the 'Sun',  'Mitra' means the same

'Om GhRNi sUryAya namaH' is the Vedika mantra for worshiping the Sun in Surya Namaskar




In 79 AD Garni was reconstructed by Tridat I.   Tridat, apart from being the Armenian King was also a Zoroastrian priest.   His name bears the same meaning in Avestan, the language of the Zoroastrians as it does in Sanskrit.    

The Sanskrit 'Tridata' is the trinity of  Brahma/ Vishnu/Shiva.




The ancient Sun temple was a  representation of the cosmos, with nine steps leading to a raised platform representing the 'navagraha' (नवग्रह) or 'nine planets' of Vedic cosmology.

The temple has 24 basalt columns representing the 24 hours of the day.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/vedic-cosmology-of-india-5000-bc-capt.html

Today Putin, along with French President crypto Jew François Hollande, placed a yellow rose inside a wreath at the Tsitsernakaberd memorial complex during a two-hour ceremony.





"There is no and cannot be justification for mass murder of people," Putin said to a standing ovation from the audience at a memorial complex atop a hill in the Armenian capital.

More than 20 nations -- including France and Russia -- have so far recognised the genocide conducted by Ottoman Muslims




THE JEWS MASSACRED 1.6 MILLION CHRISTIAN ARMENIANS - NOT OTTOMAN MUSLIMS - 




EVEN PUTIN WAS FOOLED INTO MAKING FAALTHU SPEECHES APPLAUDED BY CRYPTO JEW FRENCH MAN HOLLANDE .

Below: The Jew media created 6 million for themselves - but buried the Armenian genocide --it was ethnic cleansing and had to do the abundant oil in the hinterland, which would soon be controlled by R .





Below: Even Kim Kardashian's gargantuan ASS got fooled !

Kim Kardashian is of Armenian Christian ancestry on her father’s side.





Below : Young Turk Jews teasing starving Armenian Christians with a slice of bread !





The Zionists have forced many nations to put any person into jail who denies that there was NO genocide by Ottoman Muslims in Armenia.

Example ?

Cyprus/ 1990   The first country to raise the issue to the UN General Assembly.  Denial of the genocide is criminalized.

Greece /1999    Denial of the genocide is criminalized.  Punishable by up to 3 years in prison and a fine not to exceed 30,000 Euros, per 2014 act.

 Italy /  2000    Denial of genocides is criminalized. It stipulates 3-year imprisonment and a 10,000 EUR fine.

Slovakia/  2004    Denial of the genocide is criminalized.  Punishable by up to 5 years in prison, per 2011 act.

Switzerland /  2003   Denial of the genocide is criminalized.


HEY, WILL THESE FINES AND JAIL TERMS STILL APPLY IF JEWS HAVE DONE IT – AND IT IS PROVED.


OR WILL IT APPLY ONLY TO MUSLIMS ( WHO IS BEING FALSELY ACCUSED )  AND OTHER RELIGIONS LIKE ME , A HINDU  WHO IS WRITING ABOUT IT ? 


A hundred years have passed after the ARMENIAN GENOCIDE.

Israel did NOT reconise this genocide—all wondered by—I know why.

The peer reviewed history books , encylopedias and school books called this genocide as MUSLIMS KILLED CHRISTIANS .

Sorry-

The truth is --

JEWS KILLED 1.6 MILLION CHRISTIANS.

The YOUNG TURK is a Jew –rather a Donmeh Crypto Jew – who is outwardly a Muslim going to a mosque.

EVERY PEER REVIEWED BOOK SAYS YOUNG TURKS CONDUCTED THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE—HOW RIGHT THEY ARE.

The Muslims Turks have been denying that they did the massacre for the past 100 years- today onwards they can quote a MAN OF PERCEPTION named Capt Ajit Vadakayil, that they are right.


There is a HARDCORE Zionist organization named  — B'nai B'rith, "Children of the Covenant".

The founder of the crypto Jew Young Turks was a Jewish Italian B'nai B'rith official named Emmanuel Carasso.  Carasso set up the Young Turk secret society in the 1890's in Salonika, then part of Turkey, and now part of Greece.

Carasso was the grand master of an Italian Free Masonic lodge named "Macedonia Resurrected". This was the HQ of the Young Turks – outwardly Muslims , but hardcore MEAN Jews at heart.  

Indeed Islam and Judaism makes a mighty MEAN mix.


The Young Turk movement founder Emannuele Carrasso, delivered the message of deposition to the Sultan.  He had indoctrinated the Young Turks.

The Young Turks ran a  newspaper named “ The Young Turk “ , whose editor was a Russian Zionist leader Vladimir Jabotinsky.  

 Jabotinsky is famous for creating the Zionist Terrorist organization , the Irgun, which excelled in FALSE FLAG attacks and HEGELIAN DIALECTIC.

This newspaper Young Turk was managed by B'nai B'rith.

Enter Jew Arminius Vambery—

Vambery was a Rothschild agent , who infiltrated the Ottoman Sultan’s palace . He was an advider to the Turkish Muslim Sultan.


Jew Arminius Vambery  was a DOUBLE AGENT planted by German Jew R ,  to sound out the Sultan before a “ Carve out Israel” deal could be brokered between the Zionist leader Theodor Herzl and the Sultan.

Armin Vambery was a German Jew- whose real name was Hermann Wamberger.  

He was rewarded by Rothschild for his services for his son, Rusztem Vambery, would be Hungary's ambassador to the United States after World War II.


Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was an crypto Jew (Doenmeh),who became the First President of Turkey.

He played his role to perfection . He fooled everybody even the most hardcore purist Islamist. Kemal used to preach in mosques during Friday prayers so fervently. He knew the Koran by heart and would often repeat that Koran is his constitution.

 He gave sermons at Friday prayers in Istanbul and Ankara mosques. He pretended to be 100% loyal to the Islamic Khilafah .There was hardly a day  this crypto Jew did NOT praise the Prophet and curse the Christians and Jews

The Turkish Muslims could NOT stop singing his praises –like how Indians were singing Gandhi’s praises.

After the Ottoman Emire was crushed by Rothschild Mustafa Kemal was crowned leader of Turkey by Rothschild.

Once on the seat of power he had Rothschild’s stooges in every important position. Then Kemal the Donmeh crypto Jew , removed his Islamic mask— yet nobody smelt anything as Rothschild’s media called him a great reformer.

He quickly abolished the Khilafah.  He banned the religious Islamic education. He banned the Arabic adhan (call to prayer).  Those who called the adhan in Arabic were prisoned and tortured.

He made it obligatory for all men in Turkey to wear Western hats. Those who resisted and did not comply were simply executed in the main squares. Jews started hat business and they prospered.

Kemal made many major mosques look like churches by removing the rugs and putting pews.  He replaced the original Holy Koran in Arabic with a “doctored “ Turkish translation, and sure it was  recited in mosques during prayer.

Once he said “We do not receive our laws from the sky" referring to the revelations in Koran—yet nobody smelt a rat.


The Young Turks rebelled against the last Sultan Abdulhameed II in 1908 and overthrew him. The Ottoman State was run by the Doenmehs ( crypto Jews ) during its last years- and nobody smelt a chooha .


Mustafa Kemal Attaturk attended the Jewish Elementary school known as the Semsi Effendi School run by the Jew Simon Zvi.  Yet nobody smelt a chooha .


Even today, the most eminent historian does NOT know that Young Turks had nothing to do with Turks. This was NOT like Youth Congress of Rahul Baba.

The "Young Turks" organization was founded and run by the Doenmehs ( descendants of Sephardic Jews, who were vehement in declaring their patriotism and love for Islam.).

The followed the false Jewish Messiah Sabbatai Zevi since the 17th century in the Ottoman Empire. 

Mind you the Turkish Sultan of the Ottoman Emire gave shelter to real Jews –who then became crypto Jews and them kicked him in the teeth.  

Yet these Donmehs went to Mecca with great zeal but secretly observed Jewish rituals.

Donmehs were more pious than real Muslims. Like how Wahabi crypto bloodline ruling sect of Saudi are more Muslim than any real Muslim.

The Young Turk movement began in the Masonic lodges of Thessaloniki under the direct supervision of the Grand Orient Lodge of Italy. 

In India some CHOOT youth Congress leaders call themselves Young Turks , aided by our pea-brained BENAMI Media.  

It is high time we gave our own stupid media an IQ test.


The Young Turks began plotting against the regime of Sultan Abdul Hamid from Salonika.

Among the leaders of the Rothschild funded revolution were Crypto Jew Djavid Bey and Crypto Jew Mustafa Kemal. Djavid Bey would later become became minister of finance

The  Young Turks in secret prayed to their false prophet Shabtai Zvi, the Messiah of Smyrna.

German Jewish author and Rabbi Joachim Prinz revealed in his  book “The secret Jews” that Ataturk was a Donmeh crypto-Jew, page 122:




Jews have always been extremely vindictive towards perceived slights in the hoary past.

The main reason for the Jewish genocide of the Armenians is that the Jews believe that the Armenians are the Amalekites, the arch enemies of the Israelites –while Jews believe they are the descendants of the ancient Israelites.   Almost like Shia / Sunni enemity.



Amalek was the first enemy that Israel encountered after the crossing of the Sea of Reeds.

Amalekites attacked the Israelites in a pitched battle at Rephidim, which, to judge by the Bible (Ex. 17:6, 7, 8–16; 18:5), is in the neighborhood of Horeb; if the locality Massah and Meribah (17:7) is to be found in the region of Kadesh-Barnea or is identical with it (Num. 20:1–14, 24; Ezek. 47:19), then this battle was waged in the northern part of the Sinai Peninsula. 



The Book of Exodus relates that Joshua fought against Amalek under the inspiration of Moses, who was supported by Aaron and Hur, and that he mowed them down with the sword. Amalek was not destroyed, however, and at the end of this war Moses was ordered to write in a document, as a reminder, that the Lord would one day blot out the memory of Amalek from under the heaven.



 In commemoration of the victory, Moses built an altar which he called "YHWH-Nissi," and proclaimed that "The Eternal will be at war against Amalek throughout the ages." This implies that Israel is commanded to wage a holy war of extermination against Amalek (Deut. 25:12–19), for in the early days "the wars of Israel" and the "wars of the Lord" were synonymous expressions (cf., e.g., Judg. 5:23).

Below: Battle of Joshua with Amalekites !


ONLY THE JEWS CAN TAKE A MYTHICAL STORY SO FAR AND EXTRACT FALTHU REVENGE.



The ADL for long denied the Armenian genocide, because sooner than later the whole world will know that  Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was a Jew and NOT a Muslim.

BELOW : WITH EFFECT FROM 25TH APRIL 2015,  THIS PROPAGANDA IS DEAD . MUSLIMS DID NOT CRUCIFY CHRISTIAN GIRLS -- THE JEWS DID IT !





Below:  Abdul Hamid II  was the 34th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and the last Sultan to exert effective autocratic control over the crumbling empire.  In 1908 the Jewish Young Turks who had infiltrated the corridors of power  , revolted and forced him into submission.  Abdul Hamid II had thirteen wives and seventeen children.




Wikipedia LIES when they write that Salonica had only 55000 Jews in a population of 922,000 people when the Sultan was deposed . 

The truth is at the time of the Young Turk movement the town has a population of about 143,000, of whom 81,000 were  Spanish Donmeh Jews, and 22,000 of the sect of Sabetai Zevi Jews, who did namaaz daily.




A greater genocide of 5.2 million Indians happened in 1943.

It is in the post below.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html




This genocide is more recent ( 72 years ) and more than 3 times the Armenian Genocide ( 100 years ago ). The Rothschild media buried the genocide.  

This blogsite exhumed it and today even Wikipedia accepts it .  

Our NCERT school books written by R commies will talk only about Gandhi .




The crypto Jew Young Turks planned well in advance along with R.  They had conferences with their financiers in Paris in 1902 and again in 1907  .  The coup by this " Committee of Union and Progress"
was planned well in advance.

Why did the Jews want the Christians and Muslims out of Armenia ?

Because of the oil and gas !

Azerbaijan is one of the birthplaces of the oil industry—the reason being gas and oil were at the surface – it just came out.



Baku area was loaded with easily extractable oil.

Marco Polo  wrote about Baku oil:  “Near the Georgian border there is a spring from which gushes a stream of oil, in such abundance that a hundred ships may load there at once. This oil is not good to eat; but it is good for burning and as a salve for men and camels affected with itch or scab. Men come from a long distance to fetch this oil, and in all the neighborhood no other oil is burnt but this."

A Turkish scientist and traveller of the second part of the 17th century, Evliya Çelebi, wrote "the Baku fortress was surrounded by 500 wells, from which white and black acid refined oil was produced".

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/vedic-hindu-fire-temple-of-baku.html




As early as  the 1880’s, the French branch of the Rothschild family acquired interests in Russia’s Baku oil fields.   French Rothschild funded a Jew Marcus Samuel to build an bulk liquid oil-tanker .

The Royal Dutch Company backed by Rothschild’s money allied itself with the Shell Transport of Jew Marcus Samuel.

Jew Marcus Samuels sent his nephew, Jew Mark Abrahams, to Kutei on the east coast of Borneo to develop oil concessions.  This was just to gain leverage with Rothschild .

The stratagem worked as Rothchild renewed the contract on terms favorable to Shell.


Why do you think the Sultan Of Brunei is a darling of the Zionists ?   Isko boltha hai planning in advance –like a chess player.



In 1907, Rothschild’s Royal Dutch and Marcus Samuel’s Shell decided to merge . Jews love to merge and monopolise.  Royal Dutch (60% of stocks) and Shell (40%) with Rothschild’s adda London as the financial and commercial center of the company.

Marcus Samuel Sr was born into a Baghdadi Jewish family hiding as crypto Jews in London.  Samuel’s first oil tanker SS. Murex was torpedoed on 21 December 1916 by the German submarine U-73, 94 miles off Port Said.

Below: Samuel’s first oil tanker SS Murex  loaded  Baku oil from the Rothschild's Batum refinery and sailed through the Dardenelles and on through the Suez canal to the far east where the Shell oil company became, overnight the predominant supplier of Kerosene-- replacing Standard oil of R’s agent Rockefeller .



In 1905 there was extreme violence between the Armenian Christians and the Crypto Jew Muslims-disrupting  Rothschild’s oil business.

The Rothschilds, the Samuels and the Nobels were terribly upset.   Yes, the sameCrypto Jew family  Nobel who gave peace prize to Kailash Satyarthi and will soon give one to Narendra  Modi- if he dances to Rothschild’s tune..

Since the Nobel was first awarded in 1901 approximately 195 of the 855 honorees have been Jewish (23%).   This is when Jews make up less than 0.19 % of the global population.

 SAALA HUM BHI JEW TUM BHI JEW-- MAJJA HAI !

Jews jump up and give unsolicited BULL- that is because Jews have high IQ !

Oh Yeah ?

In OPEN COMPETITIONS where the exam paper is NOT leaked by a Jew—why do Jews come first among the last ?

PRAY?

PRITHEE ?

The Ashkenazi Jew IQ was measured to be 106 in America and 102 in Israel.


In India we call such IQ –UNSKILLED WORKERS!


Below: Einstein's IQ a HOAX - the biggest , till the sun goes supernova.

He was of average intelligence and a PLAIGIARIST  who lifted from the 7000 year old Vedas..


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html




There were Armenian massacres in 1894 and 1896 unreported by Rothschild monopolized media.  The Armenian Genocide during world war one gave stability to the oil rich region.

Below: Koran box of a Donmeh crypto Jew !




THE IRISH GENOCIDE BY FAMINE TOOK PLACE AS JEWS WANTED CHEAP WHITE LABOUR IN USA.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/02/the-charge-of-light-brigade-exhuming.html

THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE OF 1915 TOOK PLACE AS JEWS WANTED STABILITY IN AN OIL RICH AREA .

THE GREAT FAMINE IN INDIA 1876-78 AS JEWS WANTED INDIANS WORKING AS INDENTURED COOLIES IN FAR FLUNG PLACES. (   6.3 million Indians died , while 61 million Indians starved ) .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html

THE GREAT FAMINE IN INDIA TOOK PLACE IN 1769 AS JEWS WANTED TO PLANT OPIUM IN FERTILE LANDS INSTEAD OF FOOD (  9.8 million Indians died of starvation )


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/drug-runners-of-india-capt-ajit.html


Below: Rothschild's oil refinery in Baku-1912-- WHERE JEW STALIN BECAME A WORLD HERO.






Stalin was the spitting image of  Maurice Ephrussi ( below ) , the banker son-in-law of French Baron Alphonse de Rothschild -who owned the Baku assets .  




Everybody in Georgi knows this. I was told by my Georgian shipmates.

Stalin whose father was Rothschild , was catapulted to fame by Rothschild exactly like Winston Churchill, whose mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild. 

The King of England , the British parliament and PM , were scared of Churchill.

Winston Churchill was catapulted from a Mr. Nobody to the "most famous Englishman " and to the world stage by mind boggling deceit-- the way Rothschild always did.

They engineered a great escape for him by bribing the Boers , and gave him the highest bravery medal.



Above : Brave Churchill jumping from a speeding train in South Africa -- wonder how he managed with such a gargantuan ass.

Brave Churchill’s fame would grow to legendary rock star status as he escaped from the captors, -- huge bribes were paid by Rothschilds to make this Cinderella drama happen.   Rothschild has monopolized the English media by then.

Brave Churchill headed to Europe as a awesome celebrity to write, and lecture amongst the European countries.  

Brave Churchill was the toast of every English town.

Brave Churchill was catapulted to First Lord of the Admiralty ( Oct 1911 ), at the young age of 37, a post usually given to old grey haired men--

Below: Two crypto JEW creations of Rothschild -- both made WORLD HEROES for bravery by R monopolised media!



Rothschild made sure that his monopolized media splashed everywhere that Stalin escaped from Siberian prisons SEVEN times.

Why not?

If Churchill with Rothschild blood can do it Stalin can also do it. 

TEE HEEEEEE !

They created false records of his stay in Siberian prisons , while he was relaxing elsewhere.  

After his release ( sic !! ) from a Siberian exile camp in April 1912,  he moved to Saint Petersburg and created the “Pravda” newspaper,  the major Communist Party media organ— set up for him by Rothschild . 

Stalin was known as the ‘MAN OF STEEL” – this is how he got his name STALIN— man of steel.
  
Stalin was proved to be a dare devil patriot.

He was employed by Rothschild in their Baku refinery.

Below : Baku -and its oil wells


Patriot Stalin , organized a strike and set fire to the BAKU refinery – in hold your breath— his first day of employment under Jew Rothschild.

Then Patriot Stalin made several demands for the welfare of his fellow Russians, against the evil Jewish director of the refinery.

When he was snubbed by the Director, Patriot Stalin produced a gun from his trousers and fired.

The Director would have died , if only Patriot Stalin’s mangy gun had NOT jammed.

Below : Young Stalin


Rothschild was so powerful in Baku , that it took real BRAVERY and guts , for "Patriot Stalin", to attempt such a thing.

 I am touched and I must cry now—  SNIFF !

BOOOO  HOOOOOOO    !!!!!!

Rothschild did great propaganda that a criminal had burnt down their refinery and ordered the assassination of their managing director — yet later they helped fund Lenin and Stalin.  Strange inconsistency I may dare say. Rothschild  shrewdly sold their Russian oil interests in 1912.

Below: Rothschild stooges, Jew Stalin, Jew Lenin and Jew Trotsky


During his revolutionary days Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughashvili ( Stalin ) was called Kokhba by the Rothschild controlled media , to secure the adulation of the Jews.

Russians don't change their names. Georgians don't change their names. 

Only Jews change their names.




Today the crypto Jew Nobel family of Sweden behave like benevolent Samaritans . It is beyond the scope of the post to EXPOSE this family.

Nobel brothers - Alfred, Ludvig and Robert had their own finer – nay- arm in the Baku oil pie.

When the Nobel Prizes were established more than a century ago (1901), roughly 12 percent of the prize money was drawn from Alfred Nobel's shares in the Nobel Brothers' Petroleum Company in Baku.



The whole idea of a Nobel Prize was to establish Jews as a race of very HIGH IQ.




Like the Jew run Hollywood brainwashes us that the Jews standard of YUCK PTHHEOOY  beauty is the ideal one.

Below: Jew Nobel family's palace in Baku.-  named Villa Petrolea,  it was built in the late 1800s in the "Black City" district of Baku.   The Caspian is in the background.  The building stands derelict today.




INSIDE VIEW OF THE PALACE AT BAKU !






WANNA KNOWS THE JEWS IN HOLLYWOOD ?


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jewish_American_entertainers




In 1879, the three CRYPTO Jewish Nobel brothers Robert, Ludvig and Alfred created a shareholding oil company at Baku and became the main owners.  



The logo of the Nobel Brothers' Petroleum Company depicted the HINDU FIRE TEMPLE at Baku , with its flames fueled by gas from the oilfield nearby.





All this bullshit dynamite thing aconnected to Nobel was a mere front. Alfred Nobel was totally immersed in oil production and making money from other people’s lands.  

All this pangs of conscience THINGY after inventing dynamite is just to show the word about the great Jewish compassion ( say again? TEE HEEEE !)

BBBRRRRAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY !

Ludvig Nobel’s  son Emanuel Nobel bought Alfred Nobel’s  oil shares, thus enabling Alfred to establish the Nobel Prize.


Nobel made the Baku caviar famous—he made money out of it.

In 1907, four of the crypto Jew  Swedes who worked for the Nobel company were murdered by Christians.  Millions would pay the price later in just eight years.

Below:  Oil business is boomin' at Baku.



By 1918, the Nobel family moved back to Sweden.  The Bolshevik Jews took over in a year .

Ludvig Nobel sold most of his shares to Rothschild’s sub-agent oil company Standard Oil in New Jersey.



BRANOBEL stands for Baku Petroleum Production Company Nobel Brothers, Limited.  Robert Hjalmar Nobel (1829–1896) was the oldest son of Immanuel Nobel -  brother of Ludvig and Alfred Nobel.   



He was working for his brother Ludvig Nobel when he bought an interest in an oil refinery in Baku, Azerbaijan in 1876. 



He and his brother started Branobel, which was a major  early oil company . On 28 April 1920, the Bolsheviks Jews seized power in Baku and Branobel's oil business in Azerbaijan was nationalized. 

Below: Alfred Nobel's house  Bjorkborn Manor , Sweden.








Below: But for the Internet this man Alfred Nobel who paid very poor wages and stole oil from Baku, by bribing all and sundry -- would have made a CHOOT out of the whole world forever !



Branobel was formally dissolved in 1959 and its last President  the grandson of Ludvig Nobel.


Below: The first successful oil tanker in the world — a refurbished metal ship called "Zoroastr" — was built in 1877 in Sweden by the Nobels.




Above : Reckless oil extraction, with poor safety , caused many fires and killed hundreds of locals.   But if a white Jew gets killed all hell breaks loose.   


Below : The great fire of Smyrna 1922 ( Izmir ) -( I have been to this city several times ) .  

A BIG PERCENTAGE OF THE BURNT BODIES HAD BULLETS INSIDE THEM - SKULLS HAD BULLET HOLES. 




The Great Fire of Smyrna destroyed much of the port city of Smyrna (modern İzmir) in September 1922.   The fire began on 13 September 1922 and lasted until it was largely extinguished on 22 September.  

It occurred four days after the Kemalist Turkish forces regained control of the city on 9 September 1922, effectively ending the Greco-Turkish War in the field, more than three years after the Greek army had landed troops at Smyrna on 15 May 1919.  

Estimated Greek and Armenians deaths resulting from the fire is more than  100,000.  

No Crypto Jew was killed . The strange part was only the Christian Greek and Armenian sections were burnt.


Winston Churchill spAke the truth for once  "Kemal celebrated his triumph by transforming Smyrna into ashes and by slaughtering the whole of the indigenous Christian population." 

Churchill thought that the world will never know that Kemal is a crypto Jew like himself- he never envisaged an Internet age.




Looting certainly took place in the Armenian and Greek quarter prior to the outbreak. The richest seaport of Turkey has thus perished in 9 days of burning.

Below:  Turkey, OK ! But , the crypto Jew Turks under Kemal did it!



Below:  Hey, why not Israel ?   CHAKKAR KYA HAI ?   CHARKHA GHUMAAKE ?.  




The Jews knew the NAKED truth will come out sooner than later, right?   It took 100 years - the BILLI is out of THAYLA.



Enter CRYPTO JEW Mehmed Talaat Pasha

Let me quote Wikipedia –
QUOTE :  Talaat Pasha, was one of the triumvirate known as the Three Pashas that de facto ruled the Ottoman Empire during the First World War.[2] He also was the first Grand Master of Turkish Freemasonry.[3]

His career in Ottoman politics began by becoming Deputy for Edirne in 1908, then Minister of the Interior and Minister of Finance, and finally Grand Vizier (equivalent to Prime Minister) in 1917.[2] He fled the empire with Enver Pasha and Djemal Pasha (the other members of the Three Pashas) in 1918, and was assassinated in Berlin in 1921 by Soghomon Tehlirian, a survivor of the Armenian Genocide.[2]

Talaat Pasha, as Interior Minister, ordered on 24 April 1915 the arrest and deportation of Armenian intellectuals in Constantinople, and requested the Tehcir Law (Temporary Deportation Law) of 30 May 1915 that initiated the Armenian Genocide. He is widely considered the main perpetrator of the genocide.[4][5][6][7]

After the assassination of the Prime Minister (Grand Vizier) Mahmud Şevket Pasha in July 1913, Talaat Pasha again became Minister of Interior Affairs. Talaat, with Enver Pasha and Djemal Pasha, formed a group later known as the Three Pashas. These men formed the triumvirate that ran the Ottoman government until the end of World War I in October 1918.

He is reported to have said the following to Ambassador Henry Morgenthau, Sr.( JEW)  in Ambassador Morgenthau's Story[16]

"I have accomplished more toward solving the Armenian problem in three months than Abdulhamid II accomplished in thirty years!"

:UNQUOTE

He was a member of Carasso’s Masonic lodge and Grand Master of the Scottish Rite Masons in Turkey. 

The chief architect of the Armenian Holocaust and Director of Deportations- this EVIL JEW wrote, “By continuing the deportation of the Armenians to their destinations during the intense cold we are ensuring their eternal rest.”

As of 2012, Mehmet Talaat Pasha has many prominent streets named after him in the modern day state of Turkey— WHY ?  CHAKKAR KYA HAI ? CHARKHA GHUMAAKE ?

Enter CRYPTO JEW Ismail Enver Pasha:--
Ismail Enver Pasha  was an Ottoman military officer and a leader of the 1908 Young Turk Revolution.
Let me quote Wikipedia :
QUOTE : After the 1913 Ottoman coup d'état, Enver Pasha became the Minister of War of the Ottoman Empire, forming one-third of the triumvirate known as the "Three Pashas" (along with Talaat Pasha and Djemal Pasha) that held de facto rule over the Empire from 1913 until the end of World War I in 1918. As war minister and de facto Commander-in-Chief (despite only being the de jure Deputy Commander-in-Chief, as the Sultan formally held the title), Enver Pasha was considered to be the most powerful figure of the government of the Ottoman Empire.
Along with Talaat and Djemal, he was one of the principal perpetrators of the Armenian Genocide.[2][3][4]
In 1908, the Young Turk Revolution broke out in Salonica, and the young Enver quickly became one of its military leaders. The successful revolt brought the CUP to power, ushering in the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire.  :UNQUOTE

Enter CRYPTO JEW Ahmed Djemal Pasha:--
Let me quote Wikipedia:--
QUOTE: was an Ottoman military leader and one-third of the military triumvirate known as the Three Pashas that ruled the Ottoman Empire during World War I. Djemal was also Mayor of Istanbul[1] and is seen as one of the perpetrators of the Armenian genocide, the Greek genocide, and the Assyrian genocide.[2]
The Three Pashas ( ENVER , TALAT , DJEMAL ) effectively ruled the Ottoman Empire for the duration of World War I and were the three main perpetrators of the Armenian Genocide, the Greek genocide, and the Assyrian genocide.   Djemal was one of the designers of the government's internal and foreign policies, nearly all of which proved disastrous for the Empire ( THAT IS WHY ROTHCHILD USED THEM AS DOUBLE AGENTS-TO WRECK THE ISLAMIC OTTOMAN EMPIRE FROM WITHIN  ).

Djemal travelled to Tiflis where he was assassinated, together with his secretary, on 21 July 1922 by Stepan Dzaghigian, Artashes Gevorgyan, and Petros Ter Poghosyan, as part of Operation Nemesis, in retribution for his role in the Armenian Genocide and the First World War.:--UNQUOTE 


Below : Rothschilds crypto Jew agents who stabbed the Muslim Ottoman Sultan from behind .



Below : JEW Kemal's statue in Beersheba Israel -  CHAKKAR KYA HAI BHAIYYA ?






The Armenian Christian genocide was implemented in two phases: the wholesale killing of the able-bodied male population through massacre and subjection of army conscripts to forced labour, followed by the deportation of women, children, the elderly and infirm on death marches leading to the Syrian desert. 

Driven forward by military escorts, the deportees were deprived of food and water and subjected to periodic robbery, rape, and massacre.

These sad events are traditionally commemorated yearly on 24 April, the Armenian Martyr Day.

Yesterday on 24th April 2015, the Armenians  marked the centenary of the massacre of up to 1.6 million of their kin by Ottoman forces as ROTHSCHILD France called on Turkey to recognise the 1915 slaughter as genocide. 

This is like the thief who stole holding a press conference that the thief should be caught early.

Two days ago , the Armenian Church conferred sainthood on the genocide victims in what is THE biggest canonisation service in history.



Yestarday Turkey hosting ceremonies to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of the Battle of Gallipoli.  Till today the white man and the R media refused to accept that maximum Indian soldiers dies in Gallipoli.

Prince Charles and Prince Harry met relatives of Gallipoli veterans.  They want to glorify only the white skinned soldiers – the Engkish, the Australians and the New Zealanders –who were COWARDS digging trenches , while the Indian soldiers fought bravely and died.   

Indians were denied permission to participate in a march in Australia in Sept last year along with UGLY Aussies and UGLY Kiwis ( ANZAC ).
.
GANDHI RECRUITED 1.3 MILLION INDIAN SOLDIERS , OUT OF WHICH 1.11 LAKH SOLDIERS DIED IN WORLD WAR 1 . 



The India Gate in New Delhi, built in 1931, which commemorates the Indian soldiers who lost their lives fighting in World War I -- does NOT tell this 111000 dead figure ..

The Indian dead figures at Gallapoli in 1915, has been converted to British white soldier dead .




Today there are 33 Commonwealth war cemeteries on the Gallipoli peninsula -- with Indians counted among the mules and donkeys and hence NOT recorded ..

Indians of the 29th Indian Brigade — the 14th Sikhs, and 5th, 6th and 18th Gurkha Rifles were fighting , while the white man were digging trenches in safe places . 



A LOT OF INDIANS WERE KILLED IN DARDANELLES STRAIT , CANAKKALE ( GALLAPOLI ) .

BRAVE INDIAN SOLDIERS WERE USED AS CANON FODDER . 



I HAVE DONE ENQUIRIES WITH THE LOCALS IN ISTANBUL AND CANAKKALE IN THE SEVENTIES -- OLD TURKS MEN WHO ACTUALLY FOUGHT IN THIS WAR . . 



so what else is new -- the white historians has always shown Indians in poor light .

WHAT DO YOU EXPECT AUSSIES WITH CRIMINAL DNA TO ADMIT ? 



Three times more Indians died than Aussies and Kiwis put together at Dardanelles straits – yet this criminals gene race refuse to acknowledge India’s role in the Gallapoli campaign ?

MY CREW ON SEVERAL SHIPS I COMMANDED USED TO BE TURKISH !




THE WHITE MANs LIE AT GALLIPOLI WILL NOT WORK IN THIS INTERNET AGE -  




THESE WHITE SKINNED COWARDS ( WITH ALCOHOLIC FACES AND GARGANTUAN ASSES) HUFFED AND PUFFED WHILE DIGGING TRENCHES IN SAFE PLACES ---





---WHILE INDIANS WERE FIGHTING , IN THE THICK OF ALL DANGEROUS ACTION ! 




--  CHOPPING DOWN ENEMIES WITH SWORDS IN CLOSE COMBAT -- 




-- WHILE THE WHITE SOLDIER DID NOT HAVE THE BALLS KEEP A SWORD,  LEAVE ALONE USE IT TO DRAW ENEMY BLOOD  -- HE HAD OF COURSE LONG RANGE GUNS --





THE EMBEDDED WHITE SKINNED PHOTOGRAPHERS WERE HIGHLY SELECTIVE - LIKE IN THE MOVIE BRIDGE ON THE RIVER KWAI. 




TILL THIS BLOGSITE HIGHLIGHTED IT EVEN WIKIPEDIA LIED.  



NAHI CHALEGA !


We in Kerala India gave refuge to Jews since 2600 years . At the first opportunity the ungrateful Jews kicked Bharatmata in her teeth and stole all our wealth after enslaving us. The whole of Rothschild’s illgotten wealth is Kerala temple gold-stolen from India is 1799.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

Same way  five centuries after the Turkish sultans welcomed the expelled European Jews into Turkey, certain Jews belonging to secret societies and to Zionism will kick the sultans out of power early in 20th century, destroy the Ottoman Empire, and celebrate their victory by massacring by proxy almost the whole Christian Armenian people, one million and half Armenians -  so that Rothschild’s and Nobel’s oilfields are surrounded by friendly people .



If you wanna know how Israel got itself surrounded by FRIENDLY crypto Jew royal bloodline kingdoms , read the post below.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html







Eliminating the Armenian presence in the Baku oil region eliminated the ethnic conflict between the region’s Moslem majority and crypto Jews ( Muslims ) which actually interrupted the oil production in 1905, when the oil fields were set ablaze.

Ottoman Empire fought on Germany’s side in W.W.I. Rothschild was responsible for the wording of the Treaty imposed on Germany that ended W.W.I.

The treaty gave the Rothschilds the German owned railway rights in Palestine (which had been part of the Ottoman Empire), thus paving the way for the Rothschilds to have a sure leverage to dictate policy concerning Palestine.

The "Armenian genocide was decided in August 1910 and October 1911, by a Young Turk committee composed entirely of displaced Balkan Jews in the format of a syncretist Jewish-Muslim sect which included Talaat, Enver, Behaeddin Shakir, Jemal, and Nizam posting as Muslims.  It met in the Rothschild-funded Grand Orient lodge/hotel of Salonika."   

Just as the Free Masons started the 1897 revolution in France with the cry "liberty, fraternity, equality," Young Turks used the same slogan in their revolution of 1908.  

The Young Turk movement, AKA Committee of Union and Progress, arose out of the Rothschilds’ oil interests in the Black Sea area of the Ottoman Empire in the late 1800s.   ‘Creating stability’ in an incendiary realm was necessary for the Rothschilds’ new oil enterprise Baku Oil.  

The Zionist Young Turks who sought for the break up of the Islamic Ottoman Empire in order to obtain Palestine–and the House of Rothschild, who needed a Jewish-controlled Turkey and hegemony over the entire Middle East, could work together. This meant funding for the Jewish Young Turks and revolutionary subversives for the Rothschilds. 


The crypto Jew Young Turks were funded by Rothschild.  There was a time in India when Sanjay Gandhi’s classmate goons were calling themselves Young Turks –TEE HEEE !

SAB AKKAL KE DUSHMAN .


Let me quote Wikipedia on Chandra Sekhar --

QUOTE :  When the Emergency was declared, even though he was a Congress party politician, he was arrested and sent to Patiala jail.[3] He had a nationwide padayatra in 1983 to know the country better, which he claimed gave the jitters to Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. He was called a "Young Turk".[4]: UNQUOTE

SAMAJ MEIN AAYA –

HUMLOG CHOOTIYA NAHI HAI !

Below: Young Turk Chandrasekhar--as christened by Rothschild's media 



Let it be known that  Jews of all colours, native and foreign, were enthusiastic supporters of the new dispensation, till, as many Muslim Turks expressed it,  every Hebrew became a potential spy of the crypto Jew Young Turks.   Muslim Turks began to remark that the movement was rather a Jewish than a Turkish Revolution.”

IN SOCIAL MEDIA PARLANCE - A YOUNG TURK IS A JUDAS FUNDED BY FOREIGN JEWS 

Below: Inside the fist is Jewish bribe coin.



I HAVE KEPT QUIET FOR LONG- 

NOT ANY MORE - 

I WILL EXPOSE THE BASTARDS - 

THE WHITE SUPREMISTS WHO DELETED THE BRAVE ROLE OF INDIAN SOLDIERS IN BOTH WORLD WARS - 

THE BENAMI MEDIA WHORES- THE PRESSTITUTES - THE R COMMIE HISTORIANS -- 

 THE TRAITOR YOUNG TURKS OF INDIA  --  


45 minutes back I spoke to one of my blog readers while having my morning walk.  He told me that it is NOT fair to call the white soldier cowardly when they have ruled the whole world by shedding their BRAVE  blood.

EVERY WAR WON BY THE WHITE MAN LACKED HONOUR.  

IT WAS DONE BY IMMORAL DECEIT . 

IT WAS MORE OF EVIL SMALL POX BLANKET VICTORY THAN SHEDDING HONORABLE BRAVE BLOOD VICTORY.

In both world wars the role of Indian soldiers were suppressed . Then who do you explain this data below?

We will NOT allow true history to be fudged by the white historian or by Wikipedia  !

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .
  
Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.

How did so many Indian soldiers die ?

By cancer ?

All the English speaking white man and French man ( Rothschild’s generals ) bravery was Indian bravery.

Nowhere do the white historians write about Indian participation , leave alone Indian soldier bravery .  
The white soldiers were COWARDS and LIARS 

I HAVE JUST BROKEN THIS MIRROR—

NOTE DOWN THE TIME – 26TH APRIL 2015 AT 0739 AM .  


Let me quote Wikipedia -

QUOTE : The Japanese occupation of Singapore in World War II took place from 1942 to 1945, following the fall of the British colony on 15 February 1942.  Military forces of the Empire of Japan occupied it after defeating the combined Australian, British, INDIAN, and Malayan garrison in the Battle of Singapore.
 The garrison defending Singapore surrendered on 15 February 1942, only a week after the invasion of the island commenced. British Prime Minister Winston Churchill called the fall of Singapore "the worst disaster and largest capitulation in British history"

On 1 Feb 1942, the Japanese reached Singapore island after overrunning British, Australian, and INDIAN troops    

On 8 Feb, the actual attack on Singapore started with landing of troops on Singapore's northwest coast. Australian troops fought off initial landing attempts while inflicting enormous casualties on the part of the Japanese.   However, the Australian troops retreated unnecessarily amidst the confusion of battle, allowing Japanese troops to gain a strong foothold at the shore defense installations.   Subsequent landings would be unopposed.

On 10 Feb, the Japanese 5th and 18th Divisions routed the 22nd Australian Brigade, who retreated further into the city and turned on its citizens, pillaging the city of its food and liquor. By this time, Japanese tanks were also in Singapore in force, first routing INDIAN  troops at the hills of Bukit Timah then denying a successful counterattack by British Brigadier Coates

At the conclusion of the Japanese campaign at Malaya, all Allied troops at the peninsula, numbered at over 138,000, were killed or captured. Many of the captured would endure a four-year long brutal captivity as forced labor in Indo-China. British Prime Minister Winston Churchill considered the British defeat at Singapore one of the most humiliating British defeats of all time.:UNQUOTE

BASTARDS !

The Rothschild Historian never mentioned Indians in both world wars – but HEY—in the Battle of Singapore – these BASTARDS kept repeating INDIAN SOLDIERS .

THE TRUTH IS THAT INDIAN SOLDIERS REFUSED TO FIGHT THE JAPANESE SOLDIERS IN THE 2ND WEEK OF FEB 1942, AS THEY WOULD HAVE TO KILL INA SOLDIERS WHO WERE SENT BY THE WISE JAPS IN THE LEAD .

THIS WAS ONE BATTLE WHICH THE WHITE SKINNED MAN HAD TO FIGHT ALONE WITHOUT HAVING THE PLEASURE OF INDIAN SOLDIERS SHEDDING BLOOD AS CANNON FODDER.

ROTHSCHILD EXECUTED HUNDREDS OF INDIAN SOLDIERS WITHOUT A FAIR TRIAL FOR INSUBORDINATION DURING BATTLE. ALL THIS IS A BIG SECRET .

Rothschild’s stooge Winston Churchill would teach Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose a lesson—by killing 5.2 million ( 52 lakhs ) his fellow Bengalis – 

--  almost like how Bollywood villain AJIT would capture and kill the MAA and BAHEN and village waalahs of the movie hero

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html

JAPS WOULD RIDICULE BRITISH BRAVERY IN THE REAL INCIDENT OF THE MOVIE" BRIDE ON THE RIVER KWAI "

THEY MADE THE WHITE BRITISH OFFICERS WORK WITH BROWN INDIAN SOLDIERS-SHOULDER TO SHOULDER .

YET IN THE MOVIE THEY DO NOT SHOW ANY INDIAN SOLDIERS - 




ALL THEY SHOW IS THE BRITISH COMMANDER PLAYED BY ALEC GUINESS ENTERING THE SICK BAY AND DOING NAMASTE TO TWO SICKLY INDIANS ( SEE INDIANS ARE SUCH WEAKLING MALINGERERS- THEY ARE THE WHITE MANs BURDEN  )

CHURCHILL CALLED THE BRITISH , AUSSIE , KIWI SOLDIERS COWARDS - IN THE BRITISH PARLIAMENT.

Below: Cowardly , British Officers surrendering in Singapore.


Japanese had total contempt of the white soldier for capitulating  despite massive military superiority.

Jap Col Saito’s words are a true slice of DELETED history.

He nailed it when he sneered : 

QUOTE :--   You speak to me of a soldier’s code. What code?  The coward's code?.  What do you know of the soldier's code?  Of Bushido?  Nothing.  You are unworthy of command.  You are defeated, but you have no shame.  You are stubborn, but have no pride.  You endure, but you have no courage. :UNQUOTE 




A force of 100,000 British soldiers had lain down their arms, despite outnumbering the Japanese invasion force four to one. 'They should have done better,' Churchill lamented.



Churchill got drunk later and raved and ranted – COWARDS !

Below : White historian lying-- the number was 104,000 NOT 88,000.




WHY DID THE WHITE HISTORIAN LIE ?



WHY DID HE NOT WRITE THAT INDIAN SOLDERS ( BRITISH ARMY ) LAID DOWN THEIR ARMS WHEN FORCED TO FIGHT AGAINST A FELLOW INDIAN ( BOSE LOYALISTS INA SOLDIERS OF JAP ARMY )  




Below: Before Japs came and screwed them - the white soldiers marching like peacocks in Singapore 


(  I want my readers to spread this on social media --

--enough of SELF LOATHING )

Below: Jap photo of cowardly white soldiers who surrendered in Singapore 


Below is R media version 67 years later --   at least they admit that British were larger in number by a ratio of 4 --  the truth is by a ratio of 6--  

--without brave Indians ,  this is the sad story of white soldiers bravery .

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-1208032/Were-troops-cowards-Churchills-concern-lack-fighting-spirit.html




The entire R controlled Zionist media wants Turkey Muslims to take the rap for the Armenian Christian Genocide.  Turkey is resisting as in the Internet age ,   Muslims in Turkey have a general idea what the CRYPTO JEW Young Turks ( guided and funded by by R )who infiltrated important posts in the Ottoman Empire , did to their beloved last Muslim Ottoman Sultan.

Almost every Turkish Jew and the Crypto Jew  sought refuge in the Ottoman Empire after expulsion from Spain in 1492.  For centuries Muslim Turkey was a safe haven for Sephardic Jews, who thrived as Kerala spice merchants and traders.

There is seething anger simmering underneath. The Jews feel it and they are slowly melting away from Turkey to Israel, USA  and other Zionist nations. The Jewish and Crypto Jewish  population has dwindled by 90% . Today the Turkish Jewish population is around 14,000. 

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogann , a Sunni Muslim, knows the games Zionists are playing in Turkey using their crypto Jew stooges and Zionist funded NGOs.   He knows that the 2013 Gezi Park protests against the perceived authoritarianism of Erdoğan and his policies, was Jew triggered .   

President, Erdoğan did a  Ottoman style  greeting for Palestinian President Mahmoud in the new presidential palace, with guards dressed in costumes representing founders of 16 Great Turkish Empires in history. This has pissed of the crypto Jews who still run the media .

Whille serving as the PM of Turkey, Erdoğan's AKP made references to the Ottoman era during election campaigns, such as calling their supporters 'grandsons of Ottomans' (Osmanlı torunu).  The crypto Jew supporters of Crypto Jew  Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. were appalled—as Turkey was a base from where Islam was being degraded by decadent western life rampant with homosexuality and Muslim women wearing miniskirts drinking in bars.

.Zionists now use Turkish children to shoot shit at Erdodan using Facebook and Twitter . Yes, all future revolutions will be triggered by Zionist Facebook and Twitter by adult Jews assuming Hindu, Muslim and Christian names with age less than 18 . 

Children in India of age 13 are crying to stop coal mining to protect the environment.  I will post on PERMACULTURE sponsored by Indian school children  in the near future –  where ADULT desh drohi foreign funded wolves lurk in innocent Indian school children sheep’s clothing.

In 1974, Erdoğan ( who knows that Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was a Jew ) wrote, directed and played the lead role in a play titled “Mas-Kom-Ya” (Mason-Komunist-Yahudi [Mason-Communist-Jew]), which presented freemasonry, communism and Judaism as evil.. Zionist are hell bent on eliminating him—but Erdogan has taken Putin’s protection.

In 2013, Erdoğan was second place on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of the year's top ten antisemitic personalities, after Erdoğan blamed the "interest rate lobby" ( READ AS ROTHSCHILD BANKSTERS ) as organizers of the mass protests against him in cities around the country in June 2013

Erdogan declared that he knows the BENAMI Jewish run media and Zionist paryroll Judges in the judiciary of Turkey . QUOTE: When the word 'media' is pronounced, Israel and Israel's administration comes to mind. They have the ability to manipulate it as they wish UNQUOTE .
He then  said that this included  not only the international press is run by Israel but also Turkish newspapers.

Hey Erdogan, we in India have a bigger JUDAS media who have NO loyalty to the WATAN—who gets JUDAS perception moulders on TV prime time and in newspaper BLOGS.   If there is military dictator rule in India by a DESH BHAKT General these JUDASES will hang in the market place.



Enter Jew Alexander Lvovich Parvus  (Israel Lazarevich Gelfand)-

This Jew provided the funds ( from R ) , the arms (from crypto Jew and arms agent of R  Basil Zaharoff)  and the strategy on how to topple the mighty Ottoman empire to the crypto Jew Young Turks.

He ran a R sponsored newspaper named Turk Yurdu.  He advised the Crypto Jew Pashas  Enver, Talat and Cemal . The Finance Minister crypto Jew Djavid Bey asked him for funds regularly to BRIBE the necessary high ranking Muslims.

Basil Zaharoff did the logistics for R to get Swami Vivekananda to attend the party of Sarah Burnhardt and meet Nikola Tesla .

Well well- what do you know !

HOW MANY OF YOU KNOW THE INDIAN VERSION OF ROTHSCHILD AGENT  ALEXANDER LVOVICH PARVUS ( below with Jew sadist Trotsky  -with mustache) TODAY ?   



I KNOW WHO HE IS – AND HE IS UNDER WATCH.

Once in power, the CRYPO Jew Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was advised to carry out a racist campaign of suppressing all non-Turkish minorities- mainly Christians .  

Within four years, their anti-minority campaigns provoked the Balkan wars of 1912-13 among Turkey, Greece, Bulgaria, and Serbia.  By 1914, these wars had triggered World War I, with Turkey becoming an ally of Germany.  The state of Israel had to be carved out.


Within seven years of coming into power, the Young Turks destroyed the mighty Islamic Ottoman Empire.   Rothschild created and then manipulated every nationalist group in the Empire, both the Young Turks and their opponents.  



Crypto Jew Wilfrid Scawen Blunt was a Rothschild agent who wrote Churchill’s fathers cooked up biography - portraying him as a man of honour who married Jewess Jennie Jerome of Rothschild family. 

He cooked up stories in the Western press -converting sunset to sunrise.

Sorry Churchill’s father was a SCREW MASTER who infected all the women he screwed with syphilis.

All the while attractive Jenny baby was screwing around , and having competitions with her husband as to who will screw more. 

She delivered Winston Churchill in a dirty toilet while she was dancing around drunk in an advanced state of pregnancy .

After her husband Lord Randolph’s death, she started a magazine, The Anglo-Saxon Review, which circulated throughout London.  



Her sexual activities, was rampant and she did NOT care .  She bucked every Western convention.  Widow Lady Churchill, in two ensuing marriages, married men each about the age of her son. 


 From 1890 through World War I, there were three U.S. Ambassadors to Turkey:
Oscar Straus
Abraham Elkin
Henry Morgenthau

All three were friends of Jew Simon Wolf.  And all three Jews were officials of B'nai B'rith.


Morgenthau did nothing to save the Armenians.  Rothschild used this double faced man  to bring the United States into war with the Jewish controlled Ottoman Empire.

In 1911, the Times made public the fact that the "Young Turk Revolution" was a Jewish takeover, and that Jewry was responsible for the Adana Massacres of 1909, and other crimes against Christians. Correspondents for the Times called upon Western Jewry to condemn and act to end the Jewish Genocide of Armenian Christians.

HERE IS ROKKAD KA PROOF !

The British ambassador to the Ottoman Islamic Empire, Sir Gerard Augustus Lowther, who did NOT care for Rothschild  wrote to the British Foreign Office ( those days you could be assassinated if you go against R )

"[T]his new Freemasonry in Turkey, unlike that of England and America, is in great part secret and political, and information on the subject is only obtainable in strict confidence, while those who betray its political secrets seem to stand in fear of the hand of the Mafia. Some days ago a local Mason who divulged the signs of the craft was actually threatened with being sent before the court-martial, sitting in virtue of our state of siege. [***] [T]he Young Turkey movement in Paris was quite separate from and in great part in ignorance of the inner workings of that in Salonica. The latter town has a population of about 140,000, of whom 80,000 are Spanish Jews, and 20,000 of the sect of Sabetai [Z]evi or Crypto-Jews, who externally profess Islamism. Many of the former have in the past acquired Italian nationality and are Freemasons affiliated to Italian lodges. Nathan, the Jewish Lord Mayor of Rome, is high up in Masonry, and the Jewish Premiers Luzzati and Sonnino, and other Jewish senators and deputies, are also, it appears, Masons. [***] Emannuele Carasso, a Jewish Mason of Salonica, and now deputy for that town in the Ottoman Chamber, founded there a lodge called 'Macedonia Risorta' in connection with Italian Freemasonry. He appears to have induced the Young Turks, officers and civilians, to adopt Freemasonry with a view to exerting an impalpable Jewish influence over the new dispensation in Turkey[.] [***] The inspiration of the movement in Salonica would seem to have been mainly Jewish[.] [***] Carasso began to play a big rôle, including his successful capture of the Balkan Committee, and it was noticed that Jews of all colours, native and foreign, were enthusiastic supporters of the new dispensation, till, as a Turk expressed it, every Hebrew seemed to become a potential spy of the occult Committee, and people began to remark that the movement was rather a Jewish than a Turkish revolution. The Italian Government appointed a Jew and Mason called Primo Levi, who was not in the consular career, as consul-general at Salonica, and Oscar Strauss, who, together with Jacob Schiff, had influenced the American Jews in favour of Jewish immigration into Mesopotamia as opposed to other Territorialist plans and as an extended form of Sionism, was appointed American Ambassador here. [***] Carasso was one of the bearers of the message of deposition to Abdul Hamid, who was conveyed to Salonica and confined in the house of the Italian Jewish bankers of the Committee, while a brother of Remzi Bey was set over him as keeper. After the deposition the Jewish papers of Salonica sent up a loud cry of deliverance from 'the oppressor of Israel' who had twice turned a deaf ear to the appeals of Herzl, the Sionist leader, and who, by the imposition of the red passport, like our own Aliens Act, against Polish Jewish immigrants, and otherwise, had thwarted the realisation of the ideals of Sionism in Palestine. The ninth Sionist Congress in December 1909 at Hamburg announced that the divisions in the Jewish world between Territorialists and Sionists, 'as a miracle of the Turkish revolution', had been healed. At the same time Javid Bey, Deputy for Salonica, an exceedingly clever and gifted Crypto-Jew and Freemason, was made Minister of Finance, while Talaat Bey, also a Freemason, became Minister of the Interior. [***] Parliament was 'ordered' to pass a very stringent Press Law, and a Salonica Crypto-Jew and Freemason was made 'Directeur du Bureau de la Presse', a post of enormous power, as its holder can suppress a paper for severe 'criticism of the new régime' (dubbed 'reaction'), or have the proprietor or editor court-martialled. A semi-inspired Ottoman telegraph agency [***] was started under the direction of a Baghdad Jew, and an all but successful attempt was made to appoint a Salonica Jewish lawyer and Mason as adviser to the Ministry of Justice. The Constantinople head branch of the Committee of Union and Progress is also run by a Salonica Crypto-Jew and Mason. Another Salonica Crypto-Jew and Freemason made determined attempts to be appointed 'Préfet', i.e. Lord Mayor, of the capital, but has not yet succeeded in his aim, though Prince Said Ha[lim] an Egyptian Freemason, has become Deputy Mayor. [***] [T]he old Ministry of Police was replaced by the 'Sûreté Publique' controlling the police and gendarmerie, and put in charge of a Salonica Freemason. [***] Talaat Bey, the Minister of the Interior, who is of Gipsy descent, and comes from Kirjali, in the Adrianople district, and Javid Bey, the Minister of Finance, who is a Crypto-Jew, are the official manifestations of the occult power of the Committee. They are the only members of the Cabinet who really count, and are also the apex of Freemasonry in Turkey. [***] A Turk described it as a process of 'drugging the latter with Jewish hashish'. From the foregoing or any close inspection of the Young Turkey movement in its present stage, it will appear to be principally Jewish and 'Turkish' as opposed to other Ottoman elements, e.g. Arabs, Greeks, Bulgarians, Armenians, etc. [***] It was hoped in the beginning that the Armenians, Bulgarians, Greeks and the Ottoman Jew would serve as economic props, but the Young Turk seems to have allied himself solely with the Jew, Ottoman and foreign, and to have estranged the other races. The same result has been witnessed in Hungary, where the Hungarian, who is of Turkish stock and is similarly devoid of real business instincts, has come under the almost exclusive economic and financial domination of the Jew. [***] [A]s Turkey happens to contain the places sacred to Israel, it is but natural that the Jew should strive to maintain a position of exclusive influence and utilize it for the furtherance of his ideals, viz, the ultimate creation of an autonomous Jewish state in Palestine or Babylonia, as explained by Israel Zangwill in his article in the 'Fortnightly Review' of April. He would kill two birds with one stone if he could obtain from the Turk unrestricted immigration of Jews into Turkey, an aim that he has been pursuing for years back, and transfer to Mesopotamia some millions of his co-religionists in bondage in Russia and Roumania. In return for 'unrestricted immigration' of foreign Jews, he has offered the Young Turk to sacrifice his mother-tongue and replace it by Turkish, and even to take over the whole of the Turkish National Debt. Dr. Nazim, one of the most influential members of the Salonica Committee and said to be of Jewish extraction, has, in company, with his fidus Achates, a certain Faik Bey Toledo, a Crypto-Jew of Salonica, visited the Paris branch of the I.C.A. (Judaeo-Colonisation Association) and has since openly advocated importing 200,000 Roumanian Jews into Macedonia and some millions of Russian Jews into Mesopotamia. [***] Doubtless, when Young Turkey with its heavy military expenditure is in need of borrowing, further pressure will be applied by the Jewish lenders. [***] For the 'Aurore' ('Shefak'), a Sionist organ started a year ago in Constantinople, is never tired of reminding its readers that the domination of Egypt, the land of the Pharaohs, who forced the Jews to build the Pyramids, is part of the future heritage of Israel. [***] Mesopotamia and Palestine are, however, only the ultimate goal of the Jews. The immediate end for which they are working is the practically exclusive economic capture of Turkey and new enterprises in that country. [***] [T]hey hold or control all the pivotal points in the machinery of the Young Turkey Government, though the Ministry of Public Works [***] is still held by an Armenian, Halajian Effendi. When his predecessor, another Armenian, was got rid of, a determined attempt was made to appoint a Jew or a Jewish nominee. [***] His position is now still shaky, and the most bitter and constant attacks on him come from a Jewish-financed paper, 'Le Jeune Turc', while there are rumours that his successor will be a Jew, or a Turk with a Jew at his elbow. It is obvious that the Jew, who is so vitally interested in maintaining his sole predominance in the councils of the Young Turkey, is equally interested in keeping alive the flames of discord between the Turk and his (the Jew's) possible rivals, i.e. the Armenians, Greeks, etc., while it is to be inferred that he would not be averse to the new regime increasing the national indebtedness to the Hebrew financiers. [***] The Jew hates Russia and its Government[.] [***] The Jew can help the Young Turk with brains, business enterprise, his enormous influence in the press of Europe, and money in return for economic advantages and the eventual realisation of the ideals of Israel[.] [***] The Jew has supplied funds to the Young Turks and has thus acquired a hold on them; but in order to retain this hold he has to appear at least to approve and aid the Young Turk towards the accomplishment of 'national' dreams. Secrecy and elusive methods are essential to both. The Oriental Jew is an adept at manipulating occult forces, and political Freemasonry of the continental type has been chosen as the most effective bond and cloak to conceal the inner workings of the movement. [***] The 'Jeune Turc', which, like some other organs in the Ottoman capital, is subventioned by the Jews[.] [***] But all this is dependent on European, i.e. mainly Jewish, financiers supplying it with the sums required to keep up an army which is disproportionate to its actual state of economic development."—



Letter from G. Lowther to C. Hardinge 29 May 1910, His Majesty's Stationary Office, Lowther Papers, Foreign Office 800/193A; and see: 800/193B. The complete letter is published in: E. Kedourie, "Young Turks, Freemasons and Jews", Middle Eastern Studies, Volume 7, Number 1, (January, 1971), pp. 89-104; reprinted: E. Kedourie, Arabic Political Memoirs and Other Studies, Chapter 16, Frank Cass, London, (1974), pp. 243-263.

http://www.scribd.com/doc/71525903/Letter-of-the-British-Ambassador-to-the-Ottoman-Empire-Sir-Gerard-Lowther-to-the-British-Foreign-Office-May-29-1910-Excerpts#scribd

JEWS MUST APOLOGIZE TO THE MUSLIMS !!! 

IMPORTANT INFO:-



Abdul Hamid II  ( above ) was the  the 34th Sultan of The Ottoman Empire.  He ruled from 1876 to 1909 for 33 long years . Abdul Hamid II was forced to restore the constitutional monarchy  by the Rothschild controlled Young Turk Revolution in 1908.




Mehmed V Reshad  ( above ) was the 35th Ottoman Sultan and he ruled from 1909 to 1918.  




Mehmed VI  ( above ) was the 36th and last Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, reigning from 1918 to 1922. 

 Following the revolution, the real power in the Ottoman Empire lay with the nationalists.

Maulana Mahmud Hasan a Deobandi Sunni scholar tried to help the last Sultan .  After all the Muslims were brainwashed that after Prophethood,   Khilafat is the most important institution in Islam . The Caliphate is an Islamic system of governance in which the state rules under Islamic law.

Known as the Khilafat struggle, its Indian leaders Mohammad Ali and Shaukat Ali along with R stooge Gandhi ran to Kerala in 1920 and organised protests. This caused the naïve Indian Muslim half breeds who thought they were fighting a war of Independence with the British to attack Hindus in Kerala and one lakh Hindus were driven away by Muslims ( Mappilah lahala / Moplah revolt ) who had stocked their mosques with food, water and spears/ swords.  They polluted all the water bodies and wells in Kerala with rotting corpses . Hindus had no water to drink while the Muslims had stocked water in mosque which they protected like fortresses.  This event drove a wedge between Hindus and Muslims who were peacefully co-existing in  Kelara since the death of Tipu Sultan in 1799.  

The white historian LIED that the support of the Khilafatists helped Gandhi and the Congress ensure Hindu-Muslim unity during the struggle, which is a LIE.   

The perceptive Hindu  leaders realized the HOAX propagating by Gandhi -- that in the innocent garb of Khilafat, the cause was actually Islamic fundamentalism based on a pan-Islamic agenda.

A new government, the Turkish Grand National Assembly, under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal (Atatürk) was formed on 23 April 1920, in Ankara.

The killing blow to Khilafat movement was delivered by Mustafa Kemal  with the overthrow of the LAST  Ottoman sultan  to establish a pro-JEWISH , secular republic in independent Turkey.  He abolished the role of Caliph and told the Indian Muslims to LAY OFF.  

The Ali brothers are regarded as founding-fathers of Pakistan.

Abdülmecid II was the last Caliph of Islam from the Ottoman Dynasty, nominally the 37th Head of the Ottoman Imperial House from 1922 to 1924.





In this internet age we cannot allow the Jews to  get away with their suppression of TRUE historical facts that incriminate the Jews any longer.   

Abe Foxman and his racist Jewish friends love to see Revisionist Historians thrown in jail for showing any Jew in bad light.  

Will any other religion like Hinduism, Christianity , Islam etc  go to ridiculous lengths to save an evil member of their religion?

Foxman who pushed GAY MARRIAGES was awarded as Knight of the Legion of Honor , France's highest civilian honor. Today we know what this award is worth. 



Hey, could you give it to Kailash Satyarthi, who has killed India’s family based saree weaving industry . I went to choose a Kanjeevaram saree for my wife-the current weavers are NOT skilled. This ULTRA skilled family based industry is DEAD thanks to JUDASES. 

If a 3 year old white girl is pushed to playing tennis / gymnastics it is  a good thing, right? 

But a weavers son must become a doctor/Lawyer / CA?   

A CA is a parasite in your stomach. The faster we abolish Income tax- the better.

Abraham Foxman joined the Anti-Defamation League in 1965 in its international affairs division. He will be stepping down in 3 months.



 I ask his successor NOT to save EVIL people of his community.  

By all means save the ones  if they are good or even if their guilt is NOT proved.  

Stop his KANGAROO court room method of writing bullshit history. 



Make peace with your past . 


Will the next ADL boss criticize Foxman and the rest of the Jewish censors for for denying the Jew sponsored Armenian Holocaust?  

Below:  Both US Democrat and Republican candidate is chosen by R-- well before at the Bilderberg INNER club.   R does NOT care who wins and becomes the US president .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html



In the Internet age, we know that Jews are the most EVIL perpetrators of racist crimes the world has ever known.




Nobody knows or talks about the Genocide conducted by the Sephardic Jews of Salonika along with the Young Turks who massacre of Armenian Christians in Istanbul in 1895 to 1896 .  

Why has the Rothschild media suppressed this?  

Overshadowed by the tragic events during World War 1,  the Armenian massacres in 1895 and 1896 remained unknown- 



Almost like ,  after the Nepal earth quake all have forgotten about Kejriwal and Gajendra Singh who committed suicide — the immoral HEGELIAN DIALECTIC involved in grabbing the Delhi police away from Central Control to the control of the Delhi CM  .

But this blogsite will expose it in great detail.

The Armenian Christian genocide  of 1915 was preceeded 30 years ago in 1885 by a Armenian Christian massacre of 1885 in Istanbul.

The R media and historians  have DELETED this event – and we know why.

Rothschild hacked off Muslim Pakistan and Muslim Bangladesh from Hindu India in 1947-basically to put two Islamic buffers on either side of the Himalayas , to prevent communist access to the blue all weather Indian ocean and the oil shipping routes .

The Muslims in India refused to leave , as they were very comfortable in the lands lived by their ancestors for thousands of years . But the Hindus in Pakistan and Bangladesh ran into India—for they know once the Muslims get into majority will destroy their temples and convert them into Islam by terror.

Overnight Rothschild created Hindu- Muslimriots.  Mysteriously slaughtered piglets were found in mosques and cow heads in temples . Sill nothing happened –there were NO riots.

Then came setting fire on homes and bomb blasts with R media reporting that Muslims set fire to Hindu homes and vice versa-FALSE FLAG ATTACKS .

MASSIVE RIOTS STARTED , RIVERS OF BLOOD FLOWED. 

INDIA AND PAKISTAN ARE NOW LIKE COBRA AND MONGOOSE THOUGH THERE ARE MORE MUSLIMS IN INDIA THAN THE WHOLE OF PAKISTAN AND BALGLADESH PUT TOGETHER.

The same thing happened recently in Ukraine – all know how Jews started the regime change  war in Ukraine .

FALSE FLAG ATTACKS ON BOTH CHRISTIAN ARMENIANS AND MUSLIM TURKS WERE SET OFF BY CRYPTO JEWS IN ISTANBUL .

THERE WERE PROTESTS IN ISTANBUL BY ARMENIANS AND THEY WERE SHOT AT BY CRYPTOJEWS – EXACTLY LIKE AT UKRAINE.

Rothschild controlled Britain and France had forced the Turkish Ottoman Sultan to sign a new reform package designed to curtail his powers in October 1895

On October 1, 1895, two thousand Armenians BRIBED BY JEWS assembled in Constantinople to petition for the implementation of the reforms, but Crypo Jew triggered Ottoman police units converged on the rally and violently broke it up  LIKE THE UKRAINE PROTESTS . Crypto Jew Snipers shot the Christian protesters like in Ukraine.

Armenian Churches started getting vandalized –all FALSE FLAG ATTACKS done by Crypto Jews-leaving behind Muslims relics and Islamic flags .  The R media cooked up stories to paint the Muslims as evil perpetrators.

One headline in a September 1895 article by Rothschild’s New York Times ran "Armenian Holocaust," while the Catholic World declared, "Not all the perfume of Arabia can wash the hand of Turkey clean enough to be suffered any longer to hold the reins of power over one inch of Christian territory."

This PERFUME OF ARABIA is now quoted often by our Justice Katju —whose hero is crypto Jew Mustafa Kemal Ataturk.

TEE HEEEE !

IGNORAMUS HO TO AISA !!

Rothschild’s Zionist agents put more fog by organizing relief and offering great sympathy vide R media - large amounts of money and organized relief aid  was channeled to the Armenians via the newly established American Red Cross.

THE TURKISH SULTAN PLEADED TO THE WESTERN POWERS TO “ HARNESS THIS EVIL JEWISH POWER “

The father of Zionism Thoedor Herzl had written a secret letter   "Under no circumstances,are the Armenians to learn that we want to use them in order to erect a Jewish state."

Herzl had formed the World Zionist Organization and promoted Jewish migration to Palestine funded by R  to form a Jewish state.

Rothschild used his stooges to attack his own JEWISH Ottoman Bank on August 26, 1896- exactly like how stooge crypto Jew Stalin would attack Rothschild’s own Baku refinery.

R media christened the Turkish Sultan as THE BLOODY SULTAN and THE GREAT MUSLIM ASSASSIN  .

Any PERCEPTIVE MAN would ask “ Why would the Muslim Sultan orchestrate a massacre of this extent in Istanbul under the watchful eyes of the European embassies and Jewish press,  considering the questionable necessity of demographic engineering in a locality that would definitely be excluded from any project for an independent or autonomous Armenia?”

The Muslims had nothing to win from a massacre in the capital city, where seizing the properties of the victims would be prevented by the relatively well functioning legal system of the capital city.

When a HEGELIAN DIALECTIC IS SENSED – THE FIRST QUESTION TO BE ASKED IS
-- “ WHO GAINS ?”

THE SULTAN WOULD NOT GAIN – ANY RETARD KNOWS THIS.

The Jews brought  in their bribed actors ( strangely dressed  and drunk ) from outside- they would do a job and then disappear on Rothschild’s ships.

When these Christian actors ( called ship’s stevedore migrant labour ) attacked Muslims shops and homes , they retaliated.

Kurds were heavily bribed by Jews with the incentive or being able to monopolise  the job market in Istanbul with a carrot on stick of “ privileged positions like customhouse porterage”.

Although the massacres were aimed mainly at the Christian Armenians, they turned into indiscriminate anti-Christian pogroms in some cases, such as in Diyarbekir Vilayet where some 25,000 Assyrians were killed.

The aftermath left the Christian  dead more than  300,000 with more than 50,000 orphaned children.. there was now a deep wedge driven in between Muslims and Christians .

The native population of Asia Minor traces its Christian roots to the early days of Christianity.  the Armenians, an ancient people, trace their origins back 2500 years.  In 301 AD. the Armenian King Dftad declared Christianity as the kingdom's official religion, making Armenia the first Christian political state in the world.

Rothschild Sabbatean Zionist State of Israel is now preparing the Future Home for the Returning Ten Tribes of the House of Israel. 

Sabbatean are the "Cult of the All-Seeing Eye". 

Sabbatean sect has indulged in wife sharing, sex orgies, adultery and incest for more than 350 years.   
Jews  are pawns of the Sabbateans who used the "holocaust" to engineer the creation of Israel. Millions of Jews been "sacrificed" to create a Sabbatean Homeland, a "burnt offering" to Satan.




1891: Out of the Donmeh a Zionist political group forms called The Committee of Union and Progress, later called The Young Turks. The group is headed by a Freemason Jew by the name of Emmanuel Carraso who organizes the secret Committee of Union and Progress in Geneva with the help of the Rothschilds.

1895-1896: Sephardic Jews of Salonika together with the Turks massacre Armenian Christians in Istanbul.


In  1909  the Jewish Young Turks raped , torture, and slaughter thousands of Christian  Armenians in the city of Adana (Cilicia ).

“Sabbateanism is the matrix of every significant movement to have emerged in the eighteenth and nineteenth century, from Hasidism, to Reform Judaism, to the earliest Masonic circles and revolutionary idealism. The Jewish Sabbatean "believers" felt that they were champions of a new world which was to be established by overthrowing the values of all positive religions .” – Gershom Scholem-German Jew

Sabbatai Zevi  ( 1626 – 1676 ) was a Sephardic Rabbi and kabbalist who claimed to be the long-awaited Jewish Messiah.  He was the founder of the Jewish Sabbatean movement.  Some of his followers  converted to Islam—about 300 families who were known as the CRYPTO Jew Dönmeh (converts).

Let me quote Wikipedia:-
QUOTE : A  Polish Jewish orphan girl named Sarah, about six years old, was found by Christians and sent to a convent for care.  After ten years', she escaped (through a miracle she claimed), and made her way to Amsterdam . Some years later she went to Livorno where, according to reports, she led a life of prostitution.  She also conceived the notion that she was to become the bride of the Messiah, who was soon to appear. 

 When the report of Sarah's adventures reached Cairo, Sabbatai claimed that such a consort had been promised to him in a dream because he, as the Messiah, was bound to fall in love with an unchaste woman. He reportedly sent messengers to Livorno to bring Sarah to him, and they were married at Halabi's house. Her beauty and eccentricity reportedly helped him gain new followers.
Nehemiah, however, escaped to Constantinople, where he pretended[citation needed] to embrace Islam to get an audience with the kaymakam. He told him of Sabbatai's ambitions. The kaymakam informed the sultan, Mehmed IV. Sabbatai was taken from Abydos to Adrianople, where the sultan's vizier gave him three choices; subject himself to a trial of his divinity in the form of a volley of arrows (in which should the archers miss, his divinity would be proven); be impaled; or he could convert to Islam.

On the following day (September 16, 1666) Zevi came before the sultan, cast off his Jewish garb and put a Turkish turban on his head. Thus his conversion to Islam was accomplished. The sultan was much pleased, and rewarded Sabbatai by conferring on him the title (Mahmed) Effendi, and appointing him as his doorkeeper with a generous salary. Sarah and approximately 300 families among Sabbatai's followers also converted to Islam. These new Muslims thereafter were known as dönmeh (converts).

Various groups called Dönmeh (Turkish for "convert") continue to follow Sabbatai Zevi today, mostly in Turkey.[citation needed] Estimates of the numbers vary. Many sources claim that there are fewer than 100,000 and some of them claim there are several hundred thousand in Turkey   : UNQUOTE

READ ABOUT THIS JEWISH MESSIAH YOURSELF BELOW IN WIKIPEDIA-


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabbatai_Zevi


WAH RAJA WAH !

On the other hand ( I feel like fiddler on the fu#kin' roof ) -- 




--this is the first time I am seeing Jew controlled Wikipdia exposing the crypto Jews of Turkey --

--who did so much of evil gaandmasti- and put the entire blame on Turkish Muslims .

ABHI HUMKO EK SHER KA YAAD AH GAYA BHAIYYA -

SAMVAT SOLAH SAU ASSI
NADI GANGA KE TEER
GAAND MAARA TULSI NE 
PAKDE GAYE KABEER

WAH WAH - KYA BAAT HAI-- BAHOOT KHOOB-- DHOTI PHAADKE RUMAAL BANA DIYA --WAH WAH 

 

The Young Turk movement, AKA Committee of Union and Progress, arose out of the Rothschilds’ oil interests in the Black Sea area of the Ottoman Empire in the late 1800s. Armenian Christians’ financial and intellectual prominence in the area was not ‘good for Jew Rothschild’s and Jew Nobel’s OIL business”

WHY DID R TRUST ONLY KERALA SYRIAN JEWS / CHITPAVAN JEWS / MARWARI JAIN- JEWS / PARSIS WHEN IT CAME TO PARTNERSHIP IN OPIUM- MEDIA  BUSINESS BEFORE INDEPENDENCE ? 

WHY IS WIKIPEDIA SO SURE THAT GANDHI WAS A KATHIAWARI HINDU-JAIN ( TWO IN ONE )

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahatma_Gandhi

Wikipedia now says that 2nd Oct is celebrated world-wide as the International Day of Nonviolence!!!



MIND YOU ,   NON VIOLENCE MUST BE  ONLY AGAINST THE WHITE JEW INVADER- NOT CHINESE INVADER           


SO WHEN THE CHINESE INVADE INDIA , SHALL WE WILL SLIT OUR OWN WRISTS TO SHED OUR OWN BLOOD - SHALL WE INCLUDE THIS IS THE IMA / NDA SYLLABUS ?  

Below: Union Jack kidhar hai ?  

Wave karo na !  Angrez ka aulaads  never wore an Indian dress. 

TUM KYA BOLTHA, MAAN ? 

 

WHAT ABOUT THE WHITE INVADER ? -  SHALL WE ALLOW HIM TO STEAL ALL OUR WEALTH ONCE MORE --

 

- AND PRODUCE BY RAPE MORE THAN ONE MILLION MULATO HALF BREED BROWN SABIBS - MEMSAHIBS WHO ARE CHRISTIANS FIRST AND THEN INDIAN  ?

 

Below: Sorry , we Indians do NOT care for Gandhi -- we would rather have Chanakya as the father of our nation - who protected India against Greek invader Alexander the Great. 

Whose idea was this, to create this postal stamp ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html



BETA , FATHER OF THE DUNIYA , ROTHSCHILD BOLA HAI  KI HUM FATHER OF THE NATION HAI--  

YEH SHIT NAHI HAI BETA -- YEH CHOCOLATE HAI-- 

KHAO BETA , KAO ! 

If you go to the archives of Scottish Rite headquarters in Washington, D.C., you can find that most of the crypto Jew Young Turk leaders were officials in the Scottish Rite."

By 1916 the British and French Rothschild brother families had a secret agreement to divide the Ottoman Empire between themselves.  MAJJA HAI !

Below : Crypto Jew Young Turks with trophy !


Hitler's "Mien Kempt " anti-semitic book is currently a best-seller in Turkey. Turks now realize what Hitler said all along about world Jewry was true.   

Below : Sephardic Jew Emmanuel Carasso - the leader of Jewish Young Turks .   

He was one of the three men who presented the BLACK SPOT to Sultan Abdülhamit II – to announce that he has been DEPOSED (in April 1909). 






I AM SURE JEWS WILL BELIEVE ZIONIST WIKIPEDIA , BELOW-


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmanuel_Carasso
Today the Turks realize that their Sultan's decision to give shelter to Jews and his refusal to grant Palestine to the Zionist Jews as a homeland had cost them their centuries-old empire.   

The Turks know why Mustafa Kemal Ataturk with BLUE  eyes is being honored by Israel.




In 2007, the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity wrote a letter signed by 53 Nobel Laureates re-affirming the Genocide Scholars' conclusion that the 1915 killings of Armenians constituted genocide.

BAKU OIL CHOR WALAH NOBEL ?

On April 15, 2015, the European Parliament backed a motion that calls the massacre a century ago of up to 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Muslim Turkish forces a "genocide",

In 2014, the American Jewish Committee recognized the Armenian Christian Genocide by MUSLIMS as a historical fact.


Emmanel Carasso screwed the Mulsim Sultan VERY badly during WW1. The Western media had DELETED all this. 

He ran the Young Turk intelligence network in the Balkans. And he was in charge of all food supplies in the empire during World War I


Imagine he was the Jews chosen to tell his Sultan that  he was overthrown. 

He was in charge of putting the sultan under house arrest.  

He ran the Young Turk intelligence network in the Balkans.

He was in  charge of all food supplies in the empire during World War I—the Sultan always wondered why his Muslim soldiers were underfed .


How many of you ever heard of Jew Jacob Frank?


In the eighteenth century, Jacob Frank brought the CRYPTO Jew Donmeh ideology to Europe.

He was the second successor to Sabbatai Zevi, considered himself to be another messiah.  He claimed to be an incarnation of the the Jewish patriarch Jacob.  He ordered his 13,000 followers to become Catholics and infiltrate the Catholic church.

He referred to the Catholic as the "Esau," the brother of Biblical Jacob, and said it was time for a reconciliation between "Jacob" and "Esau."   

However, his real motives were to deceive and by deception establish A Jewish anti-christ kingdom in Palestine

Jacob deceived Esau in the story of the Bible!   

The Book of Genesis contains the story of Jacob and Esau focusing on Esau's loss of his birthright to Jacob and the conflict that had spawned between their descendant nations because of Jacob's deception of their aged and blind father, Isaac, in order to receive Esau's birthright/blessing from Isaac.


Sabbatai Zevi  told the Sultan and the Turks, when questioned by them for his reasons in keeping in close touch with the Jews after converting with some of his followers to Islam and adopting the name Aziz Mehmet, that his (Zevi's) aim was to convert the Jews to Islam .

After chucking over brandy and cigars he told the same Jews that his aim in becoming Muslim was in order to convert the Muslims to Judaism!

Read what Jewish Wikipedia says about him-

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacob_Frank



IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBT ASK TAMIL DALIT CONVERT TO CHRISTIANITY , BIBLE EXPERT--  - IAS OFFICER C UMASHANKAR .





World war 1 started because a Free Mason and Jew Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian  assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, in Sarajevo on 28 June 1914.


Archduke Franz Ferdinand was heir to the Austrian throne , a Christian and a cared two hoots for Jew Rothschild.  

Serbia knew from her spies in the Freemason society that plotting was going an against the Archduke and he may be assassinated on a day of Masonic importance




Princip was born in Bosnia,  part of the Austrian Empire.   Yet Rothschild Jew controlled Austria blamed Serbia for the assassination. 

Serbia argued that they Slav people had no motive for wanting the Archduke killed , when he is loved in Serbia as his wife is a slave —and that they had told Austria well in advance that after the assassination, Serbia would be blamed.




The British cabinet of Herbert Asquith was against Britain going to war.

France did not want a war.

But Churchill’s mother was Jewess Jenny Jerome of R family.

R stooge Churchill threatened to resign from the cabinet if Britain did not go to war.

It was revealed during the trial of Gavrilo Princip and Nedelko Cabrinovic, the assassins of Franz Ferdinand (the heir to the Austrian throne), that the Rothschild controlled French Masonic Organisation Grand Orient  was behind the assassination plans, and not the Serbian Nationalist Organisation The Black Hand.   




The murder was planned  in Paris in 1912 at 16 Rue Cadets, the headquarters of Grand Orient.  

Nedelko Cabrinovic said that he was told by Freemason Ziganovic  - who gave Jewish assassin Princip a Browning pistol and a cyanide capsule.

A grenade was thrown first but athletic Archduke Franz Ferdinand caught it like a slip fielder in cricket and threw it back.




Princip tried to kill himself, first by ingesting the cyanide, and then with his gun, but he vomited the apparently ineffective poison, and the gun was wrestled from his hand by onlookers before he had a chance to fire another shot.

Yet today you will find 99.999 % of even the social media saying that the Serbian org Black Hand was involved . 

Don’t ever think social media knows the truth as almost all such historical sites on Internet are controlled by R hasbaras.

By the end of WW1 after  four years of war, four powerful empires – the Austro-Hungarian, German, Turkish and Russian – would disappear from the world map, 16 million people were dead and 20 million wounded, and in 1917 the Bolsheviks Jews came to power.

Rothschild had the middle east oil , ruled by crypto bloodlines of his personal choice .  

Israel would be carved out soon after causing Jews world wide to settle in Palestine . 

Rothschild had planned centuries in advance .

The Gavrilo Princip Grahovo Valley home in Hercegovina was declared a “national landmark” after World War II.

Victor’s justice would be delivered by R chosen Kangaroo courts. 

 Intertwining treaties ( though out well in advance like a chess game ) would lead the world into a world war and the creation of the one world Jew government known as "The League of Nations" later to become "The United Nations"--whose purpose was to control the world so that "future Wars could be avoided". (This is how shit was sold as chocolate  to the people).

 R controlled the world media—his name was kept out. Till today have you heard the BENAMI Indian media ever utter or write the word ROTHSCHILD . 

They know better –or their JUDAS Indian asses will be fried and served to them.

World War one ended when treaty of Versailles was signed on 28th June, 1919 -Masonic day. 

COCKY ROTHSCHILD SEND A HIDDEN MESSAGE WITH THE DATE 28TH JUNE- 

IT IS A DNA THINGY - LIKE THE DASAS  . .

Central Powers
1. Austria-Hungary
2. Germany
3. Turkey

Allies
1. Serbia
2. Russia because of alliance with Serbia
3. France because of alliance with Russia. German forces invaded neutral
4. Belgium to cut short their route to France.
5. Great Britain because of alliance with Belgium.
6-10 Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, South Africa because of being Colonies of Great Britain.
11. Japan because of its alliance with Great Britain.
12. Italy (26th April, 1915)
13 Portugal (9th March 1916)
14. Romania (April 1916)
15. America (6th April, 1917)

I WANT MY READERS TO KNOW THAT ROCKEFELLER IS SMALL CHANGE .  HE IS JUST AN CHILLAR AGENT OF MIGHTY GODFATHER CUM BIG BROTHER ROTHSCHILD  .

The Rockefeller family are Rothschild descendants through a female bloodline- who owned Standard Oil.

AKKA  DUNIYA KA TEL R NE KABZA KAR LIYA.

R created ADL and planted his stooge Jacob Schiff as chief. 

Anybody who takes on R will have dozens of judicial cases against him. He will be made to run from pillar to post by stooge judges. 

He would finally end up in jail and when he comes out IRS would make him a pauper.  This is in case he has behave well and is still alive.  

Princep died in jail out of TB—imagine he was a teenager , and picture of good health.

R made his moolah by lending money to governments to sustain the war—both sides .

One false flag shot by Princep triggered WW1.

WW3 is around the corner – is Israel darling and BAAAA’s langot yaar Modi ( Bikaas Panji) listening ?

In 1920 the Russian Jewish Bolsheviks supplied Attaturk with 10 million gold roubles, 45,000 AK-47 rifles, and 300 long range machine guns. 

In 1921 Jew Mustafa Kemal Attaturk occupied the Port of Baku ceding it to the Jewish Bolsheviks five days later.   

Rothschild was EKDUM  happy to have their Baku Oil Company in Jewish Bolshevik territory.

Details-

The Baku port was built in 1902 and has since been the largest and busiest port of the Caspian Sea. It has played an important role in Caspian trade for over one hundred years and is the main marine gateway to Azerbaijan.

By the beginning of the 20th century more than 55% of world oil production was being extracted in Baku. 

In early  1918, Jewish Bolsheviks did several false flag attacks and triggered and SUSTAINED civil warfare in and around Baku as a HEGELIAN DIALECTIC.

On 28 April 1920, the 11th Red Army invaded Baku and PUT Jews / Bolsheviks in control ( for Rothschild to steal oil ) , making Baku the capital of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.

BAKU WAS RULED BY INDIA IN 7000 BC.

Below: Today if you want PERVERTED SEX with stunning girls-- go to Baku.





Rothschild achieved ALL his goals by provoking WW1.

The revolutions in Russia and Germany .

The destruction of the mighty Ottoman Empire to pave the way for carving out Israel in Palestine.  
In 1917, Great Britain signed the Balfour Declaration, the promise for the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine.   

Rothschild funded British troops could gain control over Palestine and prepared it for the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine.

How cleverly Rothschild used Chitpavan Jew Gopal Krishna Gokhale to import Gandhi from South Africa to make black Indians do all the dangerous fighting .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/mahatma-gandhi-re-writing-indian.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html



During WW1 India provided the wealth and the manpower for Rothschild.

After Europe had been devastated by the Rothschild created First World War, there came the Versailles 'Peace' Conference near Paris, in 1919.  

Every major government 'advisor' at Versailles, from Britain, France and the United States, was either a Rothschild bloodline or an agent controlled by him.

Rothschild wrote the Treaty of Versailles that awarded himself the German owned railway rights in Palestine.   Rothschild had also loaned £100 million to the Turkish government when it collapsed, after losing the Arab revolt led by Lawrence of Arabia.

Now Rothschild claimed rights to Palestine in compensation for the debt. Every judge and tribunal was in R’s payroll . 

Rothschild was now  perfectly placed on the world politics billiards table to deliver the final push to create the new Jewish state of Israel. . How well he polarised the world and made INTERTWINING  TREATIES between nations .


IT IS A BIG LIE THAT JEWISH SLAVES BUILT THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS --

---  AND THAT MOSES LED THE JEWS OUT OF EGYPT ,  PARTING THE RED SEA WITH THE PHAROAH RIDING AFTER THEM PELL MELL.

THE SIMPLE REASON IS THAT JUDAISM DID NOT EXIST IN THOSE DAYS.

JUDAISM WAS CREATED BY DISGRACED NAMBOODIRIS . 

  Below: The six pointed star si Shiva merging with Shakti at the Sahasrara chakra - and is found in ancient Hindus temples- built thousand of years before Jew religion was a thought - after all their BIG BANG came in 4000 BC.   Our Vedas were penned won in 5000 BC.

 


KING DAVIDs WIFE BATH SHEBA WAS A NAMBOODIRI WOMAN .  

KING SOLOMON IS THE SON OF THIS NAMBOODIRI WOMAN .

MODERN DNA TESTS SAY ( IT DOES NOT LIE ) THAT MODERN WHITE SKINNED JEWS DO NOT BELONG TO PALESTINE AREA... 

Below : Rothschild's lie nailed !



THESE CURRENT WHITE SKINNED  JEWS LIVING IN ISRAEL ARE IMPOSTERS  








The admission by the Israelis that the Jews are not related to ancient Israel but to Khazaria was reported in The Times of Israel (Leaked Report: Israel Acknowledges Jews in fact Khazars; Secret Plan for Reverse Migration to Ukraine, March 18, 2014). That article, by Professor Jim Wald, related that the Israeli leadership in Jerusalem is sending military equipment and settlers from Israel to Ukraine.
This is damning DNA genetic evidence that the current Israeli white skinned Jews Jews are not the descendants of Abraham. Instead, they came from Khazaria, of which Kiev, Ukraine is the centerpiece.  In fact, the Jews of Israel and the U.S. are of Ukrainian heritage. Ukraine is in the heartland of Khazaria.


BELOW: ROTHSCHILDs VERSION OF ISRAEL JEW HISTORY IS BULLSHIT-   DNA TESTS DOES NOT LIE .


The rabbis teach that in the eighth century, the entire nation of Khazaria converted to the Talmud and to kabbalistic Judaism.
America’s foreign policy is now dominated by the Israel Lobby. The Jews do this through their powerful monied groups, AIPAC, the ADL, and the AJC. They control both the Republican and the Democrat Parties, and the White House does their bidding. That bidding includes the conquest of Ukraine.
During the U.N. debate over Palestine’s partition, Chaim Weizman responded... ‘It is very strange. All my life I have been a Jew, felt like a Jew, and I now learn that I am a Khazar.
The constitutionally elected Ukrainian President, Yanukovych, was overthrown last year by the U.S. and Israel, with the CIA and the Mossad both deeply involved. A Jewish billionaire, Petro Poroshenko, was quickly installed as President. Jewish money and military might is constantly being flown into Ukraine. Ukrainian Christians (not Jews!) are being slaughtered.

JEWISH DNA HAS AN ELEMENT OF EXTREMISM AND MEANNESS .  THERE ARE NO SAGES WITH THIS DNA.   

CHITPAVAN  BENE ISRAEL JEW MAHARISHI KARVE WAS CREATED BY R, AS A SAGE .



In this Internet age, the whole world  knows that the white skinned people who illegally occupied Israel are indeed, the Khazars.  For longs the Jews have monopolized the media and peer reviewed history books.  They have infiltrated every religion including Islam, Christianity and Islam.  In the last presidential elections debate Obama and Mitt Romney were fighting with each other on TV to prove to R who prays for Israel more.




BELOW: THIS KNOWLEDGE CAN PREVENT WORLD WAR 3.   



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html




HOW DID AN ISLAND OF WHITE SKINNED PEOPLE LOOKING LIKE EAST EUROPEANS LAND UP IN BETWEEN NON WHITES ?  

YOU DONT NEED PERCEPTION--  ASK A RETARDED CHILD -  

HE WILL TELL YOU THAT THEY INVADED AND DISPLACED THE ORIGINAL INHABITANTS.-- 

POWERFUL BRICS WILL SOON CALL THIS SHOTS - 

ZIONISTS KNOW " THE GAME OVER" 




JEWS ARE NOW MAKING PREPARATIONS TO MOVE TO KHAZAR AREA -UKRAINE  .   R HAS PISSED OFF PUTIN . 


DIGRESSION:


So much dirt- must format my mind-

One of my readers DDS has asked my why he cries under some circumstances- even while seeing a cartoon. 

I did NOT post his comment, as a lot of readers enter my blogsite, NOT to read my post, but to lap up the comments column .

J Krishnamurty was a genius- very few people understood him as he would ramble.

He spAke:  EVERYBODY CRIES FOR HIMSELF !

Capt Ajit Vadakayil agrees with him.

I have written on this subject in one of my old blog posts.  A human cries only out of selfishness – never for others.   You identify yourself with a situation and then cry out of SELF PITY .

One day I may post on self pity.  

My readers know by now that I can write on human emotions better than anybody on this planet. 

PERCEPTION is a gift- far greater than human IQ.   You really cant call Gary Kaparov, Shakuntala Devi , Albert Einstein etc intelligent.   James Bond 007 character was intelligent and perceptive.

Here is a song which made many people cry in India.  

Mind you this song was cut out of a movie PRAAN JAAYE PHIR BHI VACHAN NA JAAYE and discarded into the dust bin for vested reasons.

Yet the Indian people rose up as one and retrieved this priceless song of human emotions and put it on a pedestal.   

As long as Bollywood exists this song will remain on the pedestal  .  After all, LOVE plus NOSTALIGIA wrings out tears from any human soul.

Today we have the misfortune of listening to bullshit songs and watching LUNNY SEONEs paratha phado body – her YUCK PTHEEOY tits and her twat .

 How we yearn for the amazing Hindi movies of the seventies , when the Pakistani Heroin laundered underworld slush funds did NOT rule bollywood -- these slush funds flow at the annual Mumbai police UMANG dance too ( our security agencies know of this ).




chain se ham ko kabhii aap ne jiine na diyaa
You have never let me live in peace.
zahar bhii chaahaa agar, piinaa to piine na diyaa
Yet, even if I asked  for poison, you would not let me drink it.
chand ke rath me.n raat kii  dulhan jab jab aayegii
When the night arrives as a bride on  moon’s chariot,
yaad hamaarii aap ke dil ko taDpaa jaayegii
memories of me will continue to cause you heartache.
pyaar ke jalte zakhmo.n se jo dil me.n ujaalaa hai
The light in your heart emanating from our love’s burning wounds
ab to bicchaD ke aur bhii zyaadaa baDhnevaalaa hai
will continue to shine more brightly now that we are apart.
aap ne jo hai diyaa, vah to kisii ne na diyaa
What you have given to me, no one else has been able to replicate.
zahar bhii chaahaa agar, piinaa to piine na diyaa
Yet, even if I asked to die by poison, you would not let me drink it. 
aap kaa gham jo is dil me.n din-raat agar hogaa
To bear your sorrow in my heart all day and night,
soch ke yah dam ghuTataa hai, phir kaise guzar hogaa?
the very thought of this is suffocating. How can I endure it?
kaash na aatii apnii judaayii, maut hii aa jaatii
If only death had come to me instead of this separation,
koii bahaane chain hamaari ruuh to paa jaati
then, under this pretext, my soul could finally rest at peace.
ek pal ha.nsnaa kabhii dil kii lagii ne na diyaa
My heart’s emotions have never let me smile for a moment.
zahar bhii chaahaa agar, piinaa to piine na diyaa
Yet, even if I asked to die by poison, you would not let me drink it.
chain se ham ko kabhii aap ne jiine na diyaa
You have never let me live in peace.


चैन से हम को कभी, आप ने जीने ना दिया
जहर भी चाहा अगर, पीना तो पीने ना दिया

चाँद के रथ में, रात की दुल्हन  जब जब आयेगी
याद हमारी, आप के दिल को, तड़पा जायेगी
आप ने जो हैं दिया, वो तो किसी ने ना दिया

आप का गम जो, इस दिल में दिनरात अगर होगा
सोच के ये दम घुटता है, फिर कैसे गुजर होगा
काश न आती अपनी जुदाई, मौत ही आ जाती
कोइ बहाने चैन हमारी, रूह तो पा जाती
एक पल हसना कभी, दिल की लगी ने ना दिया

OP Nayar , the great Bollywood music director who created this soul stirring melody died a bitter man. Asha Bhonsle was missing , nor did she send a condolence.

This song composed by O.P. Nayyar and sung by Asha Bhonsle  stood the test of time: chain se ham ko kabhii.

When Asha Bhonsle was 16 years old, she eloped with her elder sister Lata Mangeshkar’s 31-year-old personal secretary Ganpatrao Bhonsle against the wishes of her family.  

Over the course of an unhappy marriage, the allegedly abusive Ganpatrao grew suspicious of Asha’s faithfulness to their marriage and eventually kicked her out  in 1960 .

Pregnant with her third child, Asha left the Bhonsle household permanently in order to secure a better future for her children.  

A few years later, Asha and music director O.P. Nayyar began a nine-year romantic relationship in 1963 that quickly became the talk of the tabloids. 

Asha put SOUL into her OP Nayyar songs.

Although both Asha and O.P. were married legally to their respective spouses, they lived together for many years in O.P.’s penthouse flat at the Miramar building in Mumbai.

YAHI WHO JAGAAH HAI ( movie- Yeh raath phir na aeeyegi ) –always pulls my own heart strings .
I have put this song in my post below – A SCHOOL RE-UNION.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/old-alumni-meet-kendriya-vidyalaya-no-1.html


If you punch into Google search OLD ALUMNI MEET, the post above , comes No 1 on page  among 35 million posts.


Below : I dare an Indian to say - his heart strings did not TWANG like crazy while listening to this song-   leave out the PICKLE JOHNs and the CHUTNEY MARYS and THE WANNABE GORAGAANDS who will prefer Lady Gaga. .




During this romantic period, the duo churned out a series of memorable musical hits that fans of Hindi film music still hold dear to their hearts.

Sadly, this musical power couple encountered a rough patch in their relationship around 1972.  The grape vine is abuzz.  Whatever the reason may have been for their break-up, the couple had one last piece of unfinished business to deal with as they separated: the songs they had made together for the film Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye.

Recorded before the couple had decided to part ways, records of these songs had been released several months in advance of the film’s premiere in 1974. 

Following the tragic break-up, Asha used her clout in the industry to have chain se ham ko kabhii deleted from the movie before it was released in theaters.

However, the song had gained such widespread acclaim on its own that it won Asha her sixth Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer in 1975.

Since Asha refused to go to the ceremony to receive this award, O.P. Nayyar accepted the trophy on her behalf.

O.P. then tossed the trophy out the window on his car ride home, ending their relationship on a truly sour note.

To this day, Asha refuses to acknowledge O.P. Nayyar publically and does not credit him for her early successes in the playback singing industry.

Interestingly, in his old age, O.P. Nayyar overcame the bitterness of the duo’s break-up and admitted that Asha was “the best person I’ve ever met.”



This- when Asha had said “No one musician did me any favor by asking me to sing for him”

This is sheer ingratitude because all know who removed her from mud and made her a singing star.
No prominent film personality from Bollywood went to pay their last respects to OP- fearing Asha and her sister Lata’s clout.  Asha Bhonsle should have attended the funeral.  

I wonder if Tendulkar will go for Kambli’s funeral if he dies before. 

NEVER LET A SMALL MISUNDERSTANDING INJURE A GREAT RELATIONSHIP .

And since OP was estranged by his wife and children and also the relatives, no relatives came to his funeral.

OP Nayyar was a GENIUS —it is a composer / Music director who gives life to a song - NOT the singer.    Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh paid tributes by calling OP a creative genius.  

To understand his genius watch the movie Ye Raat Phir Na Aayegi (1965) ( THIS NIGHT COMETH NOT AGAIN) where he composed beautiful numbers.

With the dead body lying unclaimed , the Nakhwa Family with whom OP was living for last 13 years as their special guest performed the last rites at Thane Civic Crematorium.   Mrs. Rani Nakhwa used to work in one STD booth in Thane 13 years back where OP used to come to make telephone calls.

There can only be one O.P.Nayyar in entire lifetime.

Time and Tide waits for no man.


Nor woman-  it did NOT wait for Agnetha Fältskog  ( ABBA )

Read this post below –

 LOVE creates  always !

 Today Agnetha is a recluse, and has forgotten English.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/day-before-you-came-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html




Asha Bhonsle married Music director RD Burman in 1980.  When he dies he left a 5 rupee currency note  for her in a bank locker .  The locker was opened following a court order.

Curious journalists went skippety skip after her asking why ?

She replied “It is a joke!”

If it was a joke, it was brilliant. Burman was fondly called Pancham - or the fifth music note - by friends in the industry.

SORRY IT WAS A BRILLIANT INSULT.

A pentatonic scale is a musical scale or mode with five notes per octave in contrast to a heptatonic (seven note) scale such as the major scale and minor scale.  Pentatonic scales are COMMONPLACE  are found all over the world.

Although Bhosale married music director Burman in 1979, they had reportedly drifted apart over the last few years.

They had no children.

Towards the end of his life RD Burman salvaged much of his failing reputation with the melodious score for Vidhu Vinod Chopra's ready-to-be released 1942, A Love Story.

Below: My sailors used to force me to sing the song below in ship's parties 




OK, break over – time to jump back into shit.

OOPPS !

This reminds me of a joke.

One man was a BAAAD sinner.

When he died the devil received him personally at the gates of hell .

The devil spAke—“ You have been a exceptionally BAAAD man—I will give you a choice”

So he took him on a conducted tour of hell.

People were crying , wailing loudly, sheireking in agony -- being burnt in fire, eyes being gouged out, limbs being amputated –

Then he saw some people covered in shit- standing in a pool of waist deep shit , sipping hot delicious tea –GARMA GARAM CHAAI .

The baddie immediately cried out – “ I will choose this section!”

As soon as he said this – there was an announcement on loudspeaker-

OK, TEA TIME OVER- GET BACK TO YOUR POSITIONS – UPSIDE DOWN !

Wanna know of punishments in hell –INJECTED IN GARUDA PURANA BY ROTHSCHILD ?

Scroll to the end of the post below – to see pictures of hell – how people are tortured –TEE HEEEE !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/king-vali-and-queen-tara-of-ramayana.html



On May 14, 1948, at the end of the British mandate, the Jewish Agency, led by David Ben-Gurion, declared the creation of the State of Israel.




The same day the armies of seven ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED Arab countries invaded Israel as planned by Rothschild in advance .  


Below: Palestinians Muslims pushed into the sea by Zionist Jews in 1948  - BRICS will soon provide justice .




THE TRUTH IS ZIONISTS BOMBED ONLY MUSLIM POPULATED PALESTINE AREAS- AS A FALSE FLAG ATTACK 


The conflict led to an exodus of about 992,000 Palestinian Muslim Arabs, known in Arabic as al-Nakba ("the Catastrophe").  




Rothschild was ready and a series of laws passed by the first Israeli government prevented Palestinians from returning to their homes, or claiming their property. 



They and many of their descendants remain refugees. 



The PLANNED ethnic cleansing of the Muslims by Jews in Palestine ( 1948 ) have been ignored by R controlled world media .


WHY SHOULD MUSLIM PALESTINIANS FLEE WHEN FELLOW MUSLIM COUNTRIES  ARE ATTACKING .   


CHAKKAR KYA HAI, BHAIYYA ?



THE FACT  REMAINS THAT ONLY MUSLIM HOMES WERE SELECTIVELY TARGETED BY ZIONISTS AS A MASSIVE FALSE FLAG ATTACK.
 .  


WHY DID NOT A SINGLE JEW FLEE ?




BBBRRRRAAAAAAYYYYYYY !!



1947: The British who prior to World War 2 declared that there would be no more immigration of Jews to Palestine in order to protect the Palestinians from their acts of terror against both them and British soldiers, transfer control of Palestine to the United Nations. 



The (Rothschild-controlled) United Nations resolve to have Palestine partitioned into two states, one Zionist and one Arab, with Jerusalem to remain as an international zone to be enjoyed by all religious faiths.

This transfer was scheduled to take place on May 15, 1948.  The United Nations had no right to give Arab property to anyone, as indeed even though the Jews owned 6% of Palestine at that time, resolution 181 granted the Jews 57% of the land leaving the Arabs who at that time had 94% with only 43%.
  
BOTH LEAGUE OF NATIONS AND UN WERE CREATED OUT OF HEGELIAN DIALECTIC  BY ROTHSCHILD .

Below: How does it feel to be pushed out from a land where your ancestors lived since antiquity.  Does Israel think they can win a nuclear war with BRICS  --  even if Jew darling Modi's India is wedged out ?  For these displaced people BJP is not MAAAAAA -- their WATAN is !.



The forerunner to the United Nations, was the league of Nations. It was created under the treaty of Versailles in 1919 .

In 1922, the League of Nations adopted the Balfour declaration, and granted to Britain the Palestine Mandate.




The League of Nations was an intergovernmental organization created at the Paris peace conference that ended the First World War. Development of international organizations due to conflict is a way of trickery.

The UN was created in 1945 as a result of World War 2. Anytime there is global conflict, something is created out of that conflict, to give the illusion that whatever is created out of that conflict is a direct solution to that conflict. Have you ever thought that the ones who created the conflict, are doing so in order to propose the solution?



The League of Nations was created by R sub-agent Rockefeller. He was responsible for funding the entire operation.  At the same time, the International Labour Organization was developed, which is and was heavily funded by R. 

R created the United Nations and chose his stooges to run it.

When Germany fell, not only did Rothschild agents draft the treaty, prepare the idea of the League of Nations, but Rothschild was one of 11 men who took control over Bavaria.  

Below: The Zionists never expected an Internet age , right?  They thought R will monopolise media for forever ?   

In India the BENAMI media who dares not to utter the word R --knows what is in store for them   


In 9148 Rothschild bribed President Harry S. Truman (33rd President of the United States 1945 ­ 1953) to recognise Israel (Rothschild owned Zionist not Jewish territory) as a sovereign state with $2,000,000 which they give to him on his campaign train. 



They then declared Israel to be a sovereign Jewish state in Palestine and within half an hour President Truman declared the United States to be the first foreign nation to recognise it.

The Flag of Israel was unveiled. 



Despite tremendous opposition the emblem on the flag is a blue coloured version of the Rothschild, “Red Hexagram or Sign.”





In the early hours of April 19, 132 Ashkenazi Jewish terrorists from the Irgun gang, led by future Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin, and the Stern gang, led by future Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, brutally massacred 200 men, women and children as they are sleeping peacefully in the Arab village of Deir Yassin. 

Below : R awarded this man below a NOBEL peace prize in 1979.  This annual award is as fake as the Jew's  name NOBEL.







Following the United Nations transfer of Palestine to an independent Jewish state and an independent Arab state on May 15, the Israelis launched a military assault on the Arabs with blaring loudspeakers on their trucks informing the Arabs that if they did not flee immediately, they would be slaughtered. 



992,000 Arabs with the recent memory of the Deir Yassin massacre at the forefront of their minds, fled in panic. 



They asked for help from neighbouring Arab states, but those states did not get involved as they were no match for the Israelis whose up to date military hardware had been supplied by the Jewish Stalinist regime in Russia. 



 Following this assault, the Jews now controlled 78% of the former Palestine as oppose to the 57% that had been given to them illegally by the United Nations. 




The Palestinians, many of them Christians, were never paid compensation for their homes, property and businesses stolen from them during this illegal Jewish assault, and these people ended up in slum refugee cities of tents.



Furthermore more than half of the Palestinians in their hurry to flee, left their birth certificates behind. The State of Israel then hastily passed a  law that only those who could prove citizenship were allowed to return to Israel, thus meaning more than 550,000 Palestinians could not return and lost all their property they had left there.



In 1950 Israel passed their law of return, guaranteeing every Jew worldwide the right to dwell in the state of Israel, however the Palestinians even though they had lived there since antiquity were denied that right.




Below: Palestinian massacres still continue.  Israel darling MODI led India is the weak link in BRICS .


On October 1 1949 Mao Tse Tsung declared the founding of the People’s Republic Of China in Tiananmen Square, Beijing.  

Like Gandhi,  Mao was created and funded by Rothschild




WANNA KNOW HOW ROTHSCHILD MADE MAO A HERO BY MAKING HIM WALK 12500 KMS IN A YEAR ON FOOT ?   



THE SAME WAY HE MADE CHURCHILL/ STALIN/ GANDHI etc WORLD HEROES -BY USING HIS LYING MEDIA .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html




Below: SIX million Jews did not exists in the whole of Europe before World War 2- the kosher LIE is nailed !!









Below: If the STAR OF DAVID ( an ancient Hindu symbol ) had 5 points- it would have been 5 million Jews dead.







JEWS AND PHOTOSHOP 


Since the creation of the State of Israel, the World Zionist Organization has functioned mainly as an organization dedicated to assisting and encouraging Jews to migrate to Israel. It has provided political support for Israel in other countries

WHY DID ROTHSCHILD CREATE THE FALE MORMON RELIGION ?

BECAUSE HE WANTED TO PLACE ON RECORD THAT IT IS THE CHRISTIANS WHO ARE PUSHING THE JEWS TO GO TO ISRAEL AND SET SHOP.

The founder of Latter Day Saint movement, Joseph Smith, Jr., in his last years alive, declared "the time for Jews to return to the land of Israel is now." This is for continued sponsorship by Rothschild –and condone the IMMORAL womanizing which he and his chelas did.

 In 1842, Smith sent Orson Hyde, an Apostle of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, to Jerusalem to dedicate the land for the return of the Jews.

OH BOY WE ARE TOUCHED.!

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/mormons-bankrolled-by-rothschild-capt.html

Mormon church'she Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church)founder and prophet, Joseph Smith, portrayed in church materials as a loyal partner to his loving spouse Emma, took as many as 40 wives, some already married and one only 14 years old.
  
Joseph Smith warned some potential spouses of eternal damnation if they did not consent to be his wife.

LDS Church president Brigham Young had 55 wives, and 56 children by 16 of those wives.

 He was the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1847 until his death in 1877.
  
Below: Heavy money sustains pedophilia.
  
LDS Church apostle Heber Chase Kimball had 43 wives, and had 65 children by 17 different women.
He served as one of the original twelve apostles in the early Church of the Latter Day Saints, and as first counselor to Brigham Young in the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1847 until his death in 1868.

Join this church and enjoy sow your wild oats – was the motto.


ISTANBUL COULD GIVE AMSTERDAM A RUN FOR THEIR MONEY WHEN IT CAME TO RED LIGHT DISTRICTS -- CATERING MORE TO YOUNG BOYS FOR GAYS.  I HAVE SEEN ALL OF IT . .

Even the Jews hated Donmeh crypto Jews to which sect Mustafa Kemal Ataturk belonged.

The Donmeh sect of Judaism was founded in the 17th century by Rabbi Sabbatai Zevi, a Kabbalist who believed he was the Messiah but was forced to convert to Islam by Sultan Mehmet IV, the Ottoman ruler.

Many of the rabbi’s followers, known as Sabbateans, but also “crypto-Jews,” publicly proclaimed their Islamic faith but secretly practiced their hybrid form of Judaism, which was unrecognized by mainstream Jewish rabbinical authorities.

Because it was against their beliefs to marry outside their sect, the Dönmeh created a rather secretive sub-societal clan.

Let me quote-
QUOTE: Once a year (during the Donmehs' annual 'Sheep holiday') the candles are put out in the course of a dinner which is attended by orgies and the ceremony of the exchange of wives. ... The rite is practiced on the night of Sabbetai Zevi's traditional birthday. ... It is believed that children born of such unions are regarded as saintly."UNQUOTE ., ( Israel's second president, Yitzchak Ben-Zvi, in his book on lost Jewish communities, "The Exiled and the Redeemed":)

Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the destroyer of the Ottoman Caliphate and the desecrator of Islam in Turkey was a Donmeh – he is also Justice Katju’s HERO No 1  ( TEE HEEE ).

Ottoman rulers were borrowing heavily from Jews  on being offered at ridiculously low interest rates --  a practice condemned in the Koran itself.

Rothschild bankers took over the Ottoman empire, when the Ottomans were unable to repay their debts.  

OK, never mind you can repay after 3  years  provided you take this person as your Finance Minister .
We all know how a certain PM of India, became our Finance minister via the Rajya Sabha back door, right— and that too Assam quota . We have a  complete list of all R stooges who became India's finance minister and Reserve Bank governors.


DIGRESSION- YET- YENATHER TIME-

I would be an UNGRATEFUL man if I do NOT admit that my biggest sponsors at sea were white skinned Jews.  

I do NOT like BAAD Jews – the EVIL Zionists.

My No 1 sponsor at sea was a Belgian Jew ( those days worth more than 120 million USD ).  He had NO children and few people know that if Capt Ajit Vadakayil had played ball, h would have inherited his company.  This Jew was a holocaust survivor.

I know that 3 of my Technical bosses were sacked by this Jew personally –  with his usual  “ There is NO need to come to office tomorrow-  keep you ID entry card on my table—YOU ARE FIRED !”

Why ?

Because they screwed my confidential service report-- for competence , for loyalty, for determination, for initiative, for intelligence .  I get this grapevine from my fans in the shore office.

He would wave my screwed up report in front of their faces and demand “ Is this your evaluation of Capt Vajjaakkeyeeel ?”

He had his reasons.  

His biggest customer in USA , a public sector company who also mans the US ready reserve fleet , working out of Park Street New York, was about to kick him in the teeth and split . I was there in New York refusing a priceless shore job to the Jew President of the company .

When he asked me why, I said  “ MY wife lives like a queen back home, my children go to school happy and they come back happy.  I like to chew on a  PAAN ( described in great detail ) and then I like to spit PTEOOOOY on the street .  In New York I will have to wear suit, boot and Kanth Langot ( tie ) use kaanta and churi and nibble my paan bit by bit .  I do NOT believe in climbing down the ladder of success in life “

As an afterthought I spAke “ I LOVE TO EARN IN DOLLARS , GROSS AND NET IS SAME , ALL TAKE HOME MONEY -- AND SPEND IN RUPEES “

He nearly fell off his chair at such deep ANCIENT INDIAN WISDOM .

Mind you I was given the velvet glove treatment.  My wife and 2 sons were in one of the best 5 star hotels in New York and I got STRETCHED LIMOUSINE service to the office.  Every body else were usually put in a motel 3 minutes walk from this office.

And I knew this American Jew company was gonna kick out this Belgian Jew who paid my wages. My whole conversation with the President revolved around the pros and cons of parting ways . 

I have my ways of putting words in other people’s mouths . I know how to get knee jerk reactions from interruption ( no, I wont make a cocaine snorting demented orangutan any wiser ).

I gave this Belgian Jew one month’s notice— look for good NEW customers- you are gonna lose your No 1 paying customer with DEEP POCKETS  in one month.




When a rogue wave off Durban bent the pipelines of a huge ULCC ( 360, 000 tonner ) like Indra ka Dhanush , the Americans sent dole out money on board for trauma caused TEE HEEE – say Captain gets  5000 Dollars  , cadet gets 400 dollars-- 



--this is one way to buy faalthu loyalty --TATA is damn good in this  .  

While this Belgian Jew sent his men  to SACK whoever were responsible for this shameful disaster .  

The American suptd would tell me “ Captain buy paintings worth 10000 dollars to put in your lounges “ I would reply “ My ship is NOT a whorehouse , tell the next captain”

When the split happened in 3 weeks – the entire manpower of this Belgian Jew’s company joined the American Jews’s company – captains, officers, crew , cadets – the entire lot.

I was THE only one who did NOT desert .

The Belgian Jew told one of my fans in shore office ” So what if all have deserted me, I have Capt Vajjakeyeel with me !”

Obviously he valued my loyalty.

Even otherwise the Jews in Israel respected me , they all loved to come to my cabin and talk for hours.  When it comes to talking and arguing a Jew is NO different from an Indian.

I would preach Judaism to them.

Once my ship had an overflow of chemical in one of the Israeli ports with chief officer/ 2nd mate in the CCR.   Lot of cargo went overboard.

The Captain usually gets sacked and personally fined.

All the Jews working in the terminal and the charterers sub-office rushed  and saved me.   It was amusing to see the way they set up court of law valid , fake OBJECTIVE EVIDENCE as a JOINT EFFORT .

A lot of them came rushing to the ship and entered their named in the gangway register IN/ OUT . 

They took photos of the ship in the overflow area , with a guy in a fork lift apparently sitting and dreaming at the quay at the scupper outlet.

After my crew cleaned up and all traces were gone—they winked at me and left .

So if I say ALL JEWS ARE BAD – I am being an INGRATE.

Later by looking at the cargo trend graphs on the ON LINE loadicator – I found they had increased the cargo pumping rate , obviously to have a holiday earlier prior to SABBATH.

It was their Jewish asses too on the line.

I have a piece of advise for all the super rich super arrogant people. We are all on a raft flowing down the rapids without a paddle. One thing is 100% sure--one day , your raft will plunge down the waterfall , and you will die. NO amount of money can prevent this.
  
While you are on the raft of life, be graceful,be happy. Fish , but don't over-fish. What is the point? Your great grand children will NOT even visit your grave , to piss on it-- leave alone being grateful.

 Live and let live.

Remember, there is great joy in being ordinary. The most valuable things in life are free. 
You cant take your money to the grave ( even the Pharaoh could NOT do that ).

In any case , your money is just a figure on the computer. You can't see it,  nor can you count it. You cannot eat more than thrice a day. Napoleon tried to feast thrice a day and failed.

You came naked , you will go naked. After the game of life , the KING and the PAWN goes into the same box.
  
You will be remembered only by your contributions to mankind and this planet.

Rest goes to the garbage bin of history. In this Internet information super highway age, you cant even manipulate the media and shine for a grand obituary..

Has this blogsite not trashed into the planet’s s garbage bin  MAHA MERUS created by R media like Edison, Darwin, Newton, Teresa, Gandhi , Einstein, Churchill, King, Drake, Mao BLAH BLAH  ( I have just done 6% )  , —and exhumed good people ?

 Below: How many Indian judges have been FREE MASONs in the payroll of Rothschild in the last 80 years ?



Rothschild agents approached the last Ottoman ruler Muslim Sultan Abdul Hamid II with the offer to nullify all his national debts in exchange for Palestine.

The Ottoman Sultan told him to fu#k off.

When the Sultan Abdul Hamid II was foced to abdicate he was terribly upset that  the Jew agent of Rothschild Emanuel Qrasow ( Carasso ) entered the " Quarters of the Khilafa".

Salonica ( Thessalonica ) was the head office of the Kerala spice trade Jews . When it fell to Greece they shifted to Istanbul.

Abdulhamid II was vilified by the Young Turks as a tyrant, but his only real crime appears to have been to refuse to meet Rothschild agent Jew Theodore Herzl during a visit to Constantinople in 1901 and reject Zionist and Dönmeh offers of money in return for the Zionists to be granted control of Jerusalem.

The first Israeli PM David Ben-Gurion, reads the Declaration of Independence at Tel Aviv with Rothschild’s hatchet man Jew Theodore Herzl’s portrait on top of his head.  

This says it all . 

You need any more proof ?



Rothschild’s stooge crypto Jew Meir Dizengoff wasthe first mayor of Tel Aviv.    In 1905, R told him to settle down in  Palestine  to buy up land from Muslim and Christian Palestinians by terror and bribes.  He used a BENAMI R front Geulah company.

When Tel Aviv was recognized as a city, Dizengoff was elected mayor. 



He remained in office until his death in 1936. He cooked up FAKE stories for R’s media to propagate.   

His home is now the Tel Aviv Museum of Art , I have been here when I stayed in Tel Aviv for a couple of days.  On 14 May 1948, David Ben-Gurion declared the independence of the State of Israel at the Dizengoff residence with that Herzl portrait on top of his head. 

The rule of the Ottoman Empire in Palestine began in the early 16th century following their defeat of the Mamluks, lasted until 1922 (the end of World World I) after which Great Britain remote controlled by Rothschild gained control of Palestine.



The Ottoman Empire were able to amass great wealth by controlling the main trade routes and charging for access.




The last two decades of Ottoman rule witnessed the first waves of Jewish immigrants to Israel, emigrating mainly from Russia, all sponsored by Rothschild and the Bolshevik Jews.



In the 1890s, Rothschild purchased 20,000 acres of Syrian land owned by the Ottoman empire, again with Kerala temple gold. Rothschild transferred the deeds to the Jewish National Fund (JNF) in 1957.




Islamic Caliphate came to an end  with the rise of Jew Kemal Ataturk.

NOT MANY PEOPLE KNOW THAT MUSTAFA KEMAL ATATURK WAS A DONMEH JEW AND A FREEMASON.



Even Jew controlled wikipedia acknowledges under its “list of Freemasons” that Ataturk was a member of the Rissorta Lodge (Number 80) of Salonica.

Do you have any idea how many of our Indian supreme court judges were FREE MASONs after 1947?  These are the guys who defy the executive and legislature democratic pillars in cahoots with Rothschild controlled BENAMI media.

In 1896 CE, when Sultan Abdul Hamid refused to meet Theodor Herzl during later’s trip to Constantinople and rejected World Jewish Congress offer to negotiate the sale of Palestine in return for paying-off tens of millions of pounds to resolve Turkey’s debt crisis – they brought down the empire through their Jewish agents, who had infiltrated the Young Turk Movement.

When the Ottoman Empire collapsed after W.W.I because they were on the losing side, the Rothschilds had a claim on Palestine upheld by Kangaroo courts ,because of those unpaid Turkish loans.

Jew Winston Churchill whose mother was Rothschild created the steps that led to the creation of Israel. He was supported by Jew FD Roosevelt, Jew Gen Eisenhower and Jew Stalin.

Sultan Adulhamid II appears to have sealed his fate with the Dönmeh with this statement to his Ottoman court: -

“Advise Dr. Herzl not to take any further steps in his project. I cannot give away even a handful of the soil of this land for it is not my own, it belongs to the entire Islamic nation. The Islamic nation fought jihad for the sake of this land and had watered it with their blood. The Jews may keep their money and millions. If the Islamic Khalifate state is one day destroyed then they will be able to take Palestine without a price! But while I am alive, I would rather push a sword into my body than see the land of Palestine cut and given away from the Islamic state.”



After his ouster by Ataturk’s Young Turk Dönmeh in 1908, Abdulhamid II was jailed in the Donmeh citadel of Salonica. He died in Constantinople in 1918, three years after crypto Jew Ibn Saud agreed to a Jewish homeland in Palestine and one year after Lord Balfour deeded Palestine away to the Zionists in his letter to Baron Rothschild.

Ataturk,  ordered that Turks abandon their own Muslim-Arabic names.

The name of the first Christian emperor of Rome, Constantine, was erased from the largest Turkish city, Constantinople. The city became Istanbul, after the Ataturk government in 1923 objected to the traditional name.


Rothschild began to buy land in Palestine in 1882—all with Calicut King’s gold (my hometown)



Ataturk also abolished Turkey’s use of the Arabic script and forced the country to adopt the western alphabet.





The 1973 book, The Secret Jews, by Rabbi Joachim Prinz, wrote that Mustafa Kemal Ataturk and his finance minister, Djavid Bey, were committed Dönmeh .



Below: Baron Edmond Benjamin James de Rothschild on Israeli currency--  his stolen money is all Kerala temple gold of my hometown Calicut .




Not a single "not so bright" Limey or John Bull knows that their won British Royalty is of German blood.  


The British Royal family changed it’s last name from Saxe-Coburg-Gotha to Windsor because of it’s German royal lineage.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

The Jews have now introduced JEW blood into British royalty.


Princess Diana's mother Frances Shand Kydd ( Jewess Frances Ruth Burke Roche ) had a very long secret affair with Jew Sir James Goldsmith during her marriage to Earl Spencer (Viscount Althorp),

They do NOT know that Diana born when Goldsmith was close to her .

James Goldsmith's grandfather Adolphe Goldschmidt was R’s business partner and blood relative. Now you know why Diana got so much publicity from R media.

Sir James Goldsmith's other three children, Zak, Ben and Jemima Goldsmith.

Zac Goldsmith is a splitting image of Jemima . If he dresses up as a female you will think he is Jemima.

Ben Goldsmith wed Kate Rothschild in 2003.

Zac Goldsmith, divorced his wife after he was elected British MP and was living with Alice Rothschild.

Diana looks like Sir James Goldsmith .

Prince William’s wife Kate Middleton is Jewish with her mother’s name being Carole Goldsmith.



In this DNA age ,nothing can be hidden.

R hoped to rule Pakistan.

Poor Pakistanis!

R hoped to rule India via Amartya Sen, who married a R wife.

Poor Amartya Sen with a Rothschild wife – even Bongs have discarded him. Indians are NOT willing to be taken for a ride anymore.

Below: Namaste --  Indian chai banaaoon ? bilkul chenga Indian champi doon ? BOLO TOH -- 




Rothschild’s wine gets highest prices in any auction as everything is rigged.  The wine magazines are monopolised by Rothschild.   

It is usual for Rothschild’s bullshit wine ( a single bottle )to fetch 200,000  US dollars.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/chilean-wine-and-art-of-wine-tasting.html


Most Jews are color blind—they cant see the full spectrum . 

 There are NO great Jewish artists. But hey, Rothschild CREATED several Jew artists. R has monopolized all the art magazines.  Today NDTV GOODLIEFE TV is trying this stunt 

TEE HEEEE !  



SHIT HAS BEEN PACKAGED AS CHOCOLATE.  



R stashes away his money in the form of art.

Never mind what the whole world says- Picasso was a crypto Jew and a R Commie..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/modern-abstract-art-and-picasso-capt.html



Mamata Bannerjee is selling his bullshit paintings for crores ! MAA ki mamta hai kya, painting mein ?   Bolo toh baap ki peepta ?






Rothschild’s shipping arm was run by Sammy Ofer .   

I know the nuts and bolts of this Jewish company –  the WEE dirty secrets — the amazing nay mindless wheeling and dealing--illegal trade-- the fake certification--  – 

mind you,  he got his ships flagged by Britain –  quid pro quo for taking British cadets .




In 1924, Ofer's family immigrated to Mandatory Palestine for Galatzi Romania.

On 10 November 2008 Rothschild made him the Honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) .    After all Sammy Ofer had donated  £35 million to London's National Maritime Museum . In 2013, Sammy’s son Idan Ofer donated £25 million to London Business School.  

Haifa stadium is called Sammy Ofer Stadium.  Sammy Ofer was listed by Forbes as Israel's richest person. The family controls The Israel Corp., with vast assets in shipping, chemicals, energy and transportation, and also has holdings in real estate and banking.

Even the Jews who worked for Sammy Ofer in shipping hated this terribly MEAN man- who extracted his pound of flesh . In Indian the Tanker Pacific Shipping company, Mumbai is owned by him 


Sammy Ofer, donated  £3.3million to renovate Cutty Sark the swift Opium /Tea clipper which was made with teak wood from Kerala




Till the abolition of the Caliphate, Mustafa Kemal ( Justice Katju’s super hero ) always posed as a sincere and pious Muslim- rather he overplayed his “I LOVE ISLAM “  bit.

He showed his true colours after he seized power in Turkey:

1. Stating that "We do not receive our laws from the sky" referring to Quran.
2. Changed mosque prayer mats to wooden pews, to obstruct the Muslim style of prayer.
3. Banned the traditional and immensely popular Turkish hat, banned women from wearing the veil.
4. "Philosophic training" for mosque preachers.
5. Wearing of shoes in mosque, as opposed to the tradition of taking off shoes.
6. Attempted installing musical choirs in places of worship. 
7. Tried to change the original "Allahu Akbar" (God is great) to "Tanri Uludur!" (Turkish translation) during calls for prayer.
8. Was quoted as saying " Islam, this theology of an immoral Arab (referring to Prophet Mohammed[pbuh]), is a dead thing.

Mustafa Kemal Pasha who made them drop the veil and the fez (TIME, Feb. 15, 1926 et seq.), that beginning with Ramadan they must no longer call their god by his Arabic name, Allah.

Kemal was a heavy drinker of arrack.

When a venerable member of the Cabinet Sheik-ul-Islam suggested that it was unseemly for Turkish ladies to dance in public, he threw a Koran at him

Jews control the Turkish army and the finance today.

I HAVE SAILED WITH LOT OF TURKISH JEW SAILORS.

Was Maureen McDonagh a Christian or a Jewess ? She was NOT of Scottish stock-- but Irish . 

Who is she ? 


Find out !
Ballybough Cemetery , Fairview strand , in Dublin ( below ) has few McDonagh tombstones.  



This is the graveyard Abraham “Bram” Stoker got affected by before he wrote his DRACULA book.



He started schooling at a late age as he was influenced by a spirit from this graveyard.  Google gave him a doodle on 8th November 2012.  Stoker was cremated NOT buried !

Bram Stoker's  "Dracula" "exposed “widespread anxieties about the terrible dangers posed by the influx of Yiddish-speaking Jewish immigrants to England and Ireland.  

Count Dracula had the quintessential Jewish nose.  

Crypto Jew Count Dracula made great efforts to blend in and acculturate himself to his new country . he spoke in Yiddish tinged  English.   The one identified person whose aid Dracula enlists in escaping from Britain is a German Jew named Hildesheim.

Dracula serves as a metaphor for the dangers immigrant Jews posed to Britain during this tumultuous period. This is a SIGNATURE thing left behind— daring PERCEPTIVE people to pick up the threads.


Crypto Jew Oliver Cromwel got the Jews to Ballybough in Dublin who were good in making FLINT GLASS.  The Jewish synagogue is at Crane lane.

Rothschild’s main stream media cooked up LIES that every burial grave in this cemetery has a handful of earth from Jerusalem .   

These were all STINGY Jews who fried onions ( falthu mein ) to make their Christian Irish neighbors think that they have BEEF steak daily for dinner – and feel jealous. 

They also ran a CHOR BAZAAR.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/protestant-christianity-created-by-jews.html


Let me quote newspaper The Hindu--.

QUOTE :  The financial information available from the balance sheets and directors’ reports of Mr. Vadra’s companies — Sky Light Hospitality, Sky Light Realty, Blue Breeze Trading, Artex, Real Earth Estates and North India IT Parks — raise hard questions about what business it is they actually do, and how this business is conducted.

Each of the companies has 268, Sukhdev Vihar, New Delhi, as its common address, and Mr. Vadra and his mother Maureen Vadra as directors. :UNQUOTE

Let me quote Wikipedia:--
QUOTE :  DLF Limited (Delhi Land & Finance) (BSE: 532868, NSE: DLF) is one of the largest commercial real estate developers in India.[1] It was founded by Chaudhary Raghvendra Singh[2] in 1946.:  UNQUOTE

HEY HOW DID SO MANY BILLIONARIES SUDDENLY GET RICH IN 1946-47 WHEN R LEFT INDIA ?

ROTHSCHILD OWNED A LOT OF LAND- HE COULD NOT TAKE IT WITH HIM IN 1947 !

Chaudhary Raghavendra Singh , the DLF founder’s father Raj Bahadur Chaudhary Lal Chand was an agent for R – their photo exists .. 

Chaudhary Raghavendra Singh was involved in recruiting Jat soldiers for WW2 – R took him abroad to bolster the morale of Indian soldiers – to tell the Jat soldiers ROTHSCHILD aur CHURCHILL -- APNAAICH MAAL HAI !  Their photos exist.

He attended a number of international conferences in UK, Canada, Austrailia, France, Holland and Japan and brought in the experience to help introduce welfare measure for Indian Jawans.


He was involved as a FOUNDER’S FATHER All India Jat Mahasabha ( Arya Samaj splinter group ) was constituted on 14 March 1907 in Meerut.  

Capt Amarinder Singh who kicked Arun Jaitley on his ass in the May 2014 Lok Sabha Elections is the current president.

MAJJA HAI !


How Rothschild screwed Sikhs is here below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html


How R screwed Jats MAY be another post—but Jats were NOT naïve like Sikhs.



I want the Pakistanis who are supporting Israel/ Zionsist/ Saudi crypto bloodline in Yemen to know this.

Why does Israel, the Zionist west and Saudi crypto bloodline want the Yemeni exile abd-rabbu-mansour-hadi back in control of yemen?

Why is Indian R controlled BENAMI media singing the praises of Saudi Arabia’s CROWN PRINCE  and Defence Minister Prince Mohammed bin Salman, as if he is the SALT nay BOUNTY of this planet ?

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Kings-powerful-son-Saudi-Arabias-future-crown-prince/articleshow/47095796.cms

In 1962, a R sponsored revolution in North Yemen ended over 1,000 years of rule by Zaidi Imams, who claimed descent from the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

During Yemen's 1994 civil war, the crypto R darling Wahhabis of Saudi helped the government in its fight against the secessionist south.

The conflict were sparked in 2004 by the R supported government's attempt to arrest Hussein Badreddin al-Houthi, a Zaidis religious leader of the Houthis

Houthis are fighting "for things that all Yemenis crave : government accountability, the end to corruption, regular utilities, fair fuel prices, job opportunities for ordinary Yemenis and the end of JEW western influence.

On 22 January 2015, R and Israel darling President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and his ministers resigned.

The Houthis who do NOT care for R, and the crypto Saudi bloodline declared themselves in full control of the government on 6 February, dissolving parliament and putting a Revolutionary Committee led by Mohammed Ali al-Houthi in charge of the country

R and Saudi darling Pakistan government has sent Pakistani troops to join a Saudi crypto bloodline -backed coalition forces fighting Houthi rebels in war-stricken Yemen.

Houthis belong to the Zaidi branch of Islam, also known as Fivers, a sect of Islam almost exclusively present in Yemen. We in Kerala know them as they were our spice middlemen . A lot of Kerala Mappilas have their blood in their veins.

Similar to Sunni Muslims in matters of religious law and rulings, the Houthi belief in the concept of an Imamate as being essential to their religion makes them distinct from Sunni.  The term Caliphate, a romanization of the Arabic word Khalifah "succession", is often used interchangeably with the term Imamate.  

 Both terms, not always but most often, refer to the position of succeeding and leading the Muslim community after the death of prophet Muhammad.

"Operation Decisive Storm" was launched on March 26, and has included a total of 2,415 airstrikes killing innocent women and children

The country has enormous reserves of oil,copper, nickel, lead, gold, coal, marble, rock salt and petroleum. Like North Korea has enormous reserves of FUTURISTIC MINERAL  rare earths and is RICHER than Saudi Arabia.

Islam in Yemen dates back to about 630 when it was introduced into the region by Ali when Muhammad was still alive .  Islam in Yemen came after Islam in Kerala.

 Yemenis are divided into two principal Islamic religious groups:  54 % Sunni and 40% Shia-mostly Zaidi order

The main fight is between forces loyal to the beleaguered President, Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi, and those allied to Zaidi Shia rebels known as Houthis, who forced Mr Hadi to flee the capital Sanaa in February.

What took place in Iraq, Syria and Libya is currently engulfing Yemen

Yemen might be one of the Arab world’s poorest countries, but it has always been a strategic geographic area in the Middle East.

The Yemenite BAB EL MANDEB , a very narrow strait separating between Yemen and the Eastern Horn of Africa, acts as a STRATEGIC LINK between the Indian Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea, via the Red Sea and the Suez Canal.

IF THIS BAB EL MANDEB STARIT IS BLOCKED BY MINES AND SHORE BASED UNDERWATER MISSILES, NUCLEAR SUBMARINES OF ZIONIST NATIONS CANNOT ENTER THE INDIAN OCEAN FROM RED SEA .

I have been through this straits more than 150 times.



Historically speaking, Yemen is a genuine part of ancient Arabia.

The genealogy of many of the tribes of the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia could be traced back to Northern Yemen.

 The whole Eastern Province, in addition to the largest province of Saudi Arabia, is dominated by a population of two million Shiites and is considered a focal point of opposition against the Saudi monarchy.

Now you know why crypto bloodline Saudi Arabia has acted so quickly and decisively against the Houthi Shiite sect and forces in Yemen – on behalf of Zionists .

Shiite uprising could well be the Saudi ticket to the Arab Spring mayhem.

 Sunni and Shia are the main two denominations in Islam. 90% of world Muslims are Sunni and 10% are Shiite. Iran is the world’s biggest Shia power, while Saudi Arabia is the world’s most influential Sunni country. 

Below : King maker Rothschild invited Al Saud blood line to London in 1919


THE ZIONISTS WANT SHIAs AND SUNNIs TO BATTER EACH OTHER TO DEATH.
THIS IS WHAT ISIS IS DOING IN SYRIA and IRAQ , RIGHT?

ISIS IS SUPPORTED , ARMED , FUNDED BY ZIONISTS AND CRYPTO JEW MIDDLE EAST KINGDOM ROYALS .

This would be a huge success for Israel covert operatives and political strategists.




The Banu Qaynuqa ( ancestors of Al Saud ) was a Jewish tribe expelled by the Islamic prophet Muhammad for breaking the treaty known as the Constitution of Medina.

The enemy tribe surrendered to Muhammad, who initially wanted to exterminate the entire tribe of Banu Qaynuqa. 

Muhammad was convinced by Abdullah ibn Ubayy the influential chief of the Arab tribe Banu Khazraj, ( he caught him by the breast plate )  not to kill but to expel the Jewish Qaynuqa tribe. Muhammad acceded to his request, and gave the Banu Qaynuqa three days to leave the city.  

Mohammad had attended the funeral of  Abdullah ibn Ubayy, where he took off his shirt and gave it to Abdullah ( the son ) to enshroud his dead father.

The Banu Qaynuqa had Arabic names but they were Jews who did the Jewsih rituals. They were gold smith nomads and owned NO land




Above :  French Jewess Candice Cohen-Ahnine and Prince  Sattam bin Khalid bin Nasser Al Saud who had a battle over their daughter Aya.  On 16 August, Cohen-Ahnine died after falling to her death from a window in Paris. A few days prior to her death, Cohen-Ahnine told relatives that she felt threatened.

Below: Does Rajnath Singh or Modi know who conducts FALSE FLAG attacks in India? 

The current white skinned Jews in Israel have NOTHING to do with this wall historically - 

--  like current Indonesian Muslims have NOTHING to do with Kaaba historically, for them to lay claim to Saudi Arabia and settle down in Mecca after driving away the original natives. 



I SPIKK  -  GM KELA , GM DHAL , INTERLINKING RIVER , BARAK MISSILE , ZIONIST LOAN WALAH VIKAAAS - INDIA KELIYE ACHCHA HAI!






Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

April 29, 2015 at 10:03 PM

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/30/world/europe/ukraine-separatists-rewrite-history-of-1930s-famine.html?_r=0

R MEDIA IS NOW TRYING TO HIDE THE ROLE OF THE JEW IN THE UKRAINE FAMINE .

AFTER ALL , UKRAINE IS MARKED AS ISRAEL NO 2 - BY ETHNIC CLEANSING AND DRIVING NON JEWS EASTWARDS. .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Rothschild helped Ibn Saud capture Mecca on Oct 13th 1924.   The city of Medina surrendered on December 12, 1925.

King Hussein bin Ali ( the dear friend of TE Lawrence) fled from Mecca.



Ever since this date the Al Saud king ( the dear firend of William Henry Irvine Shakespaer)  is called the CUSTODIAN OF THE TWO HOLY MOSQUES by the Zionist media.  

The Saudi TV rubs it in every day.

Below : Extreme left, Churchill,  Gertrude Bell,  TE Lawrence


Today Islamic scholars just copy what Zionist historians have written for them.

Below: Ibn Saud with star of British royal pinned on chest (awarded by Rothschild)- with SIR Percy Cox and Gertrude Bell.   In 1935, Ibn Saud was awarded the Order of the Bath, in 1947 the Legion of Merit and in 1952 the Order of Military Merit (with White Decoration)-all wrangled by Rothschild



The loss of Mecca was a significant blow to the prestige of the Ottoman Empire, which had exercised sovereignty over the holy city since 1517.

Rothschild fencing up the biggest oil fields for himself is called the “Unification of Saudi Arabia”.

It was a tedious process of cheating , slimy deceit , arm twisting , murder , bribing by which the various tribes, sheikhdoms, emirates, and kingdoms of most of the Arabian Peninsula were conquered by the House of Saud, or Al Saud, between 1902 and 1932.  

The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was proclaimed on 23 September 1932. Ibn Saud's eldest son Saud became crown prince in 1933.





EVER HEARD OF THE TERM HASBARA ?
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/hasbara-jewish-propaganda-on-social.html


LET US HAVE SOME HASBARA FUN !



























THE QUOTE BELOW IS PRICELESS ! TEE HEEEE !!
































MAJJA AAYA ? 
TEE HEEE !!

Below: Ever heard of the COMMITTEE of 300? Rothschild and Balfour were in this club !






WE FIND STUPID INDIANS CRYING FOR THE FAKE 6 MILLIONS JEWS OF THE HOLOCAUST.

90 MILLIONS HINDUS – YES - 90 MILLION -- WERE SLAUGHTERED – AND NOBODY CARES .


ENCYCLOPEDIAS DID NOT RECORD IT, TILL THIS BLOGSITE FORCED THEM TO  .


THIS 90 MILLION DOES NOT INCLUDE THE FAMINE DEATHS  IN INDIA –DELIBERATELY INTRODUCED IN SUCH A FERTILE COUNTRY..

9.8 million Indians  died in the great DELIBERATE famine of 1769- -deliberately starved by Rothschild controlled East India company employee Warren Hastings , who wanted Opium , Indigo and Jute for export instead of food.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Guntur famine in 1832 to make people lose hope and force them to migrate as Indentured labour in foreign lands .  Rothschild planned two years in advance as in 1834 Black slavery was abolished and replaced by Indian Indentured labour.

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE Orissa famine caused by Rothschild in 1866 / 67 where 5.8 million Indians died of starvation .There was mass exodus and indentured labour to foreign lands

Nobody talks about the great DELIBERATE famine in India of 1876–78 where 6.3 million Indians died , while 61 million Indians starved . Again there was mass exodus to foreign lands as indentured labour.

We Indians are more familiar with the DELIBERATE famine in 1943 ( Bengal ) for which Amartya sen got the Nobel prize when 5.2 million Indians died.  Rothschild screwed the Bengali clan of Subhash Chandra Bose who dared to jump from British camp to Jap camp in the middle of WW2

I WANT EVERY DESH BHAKT INDIAN TO READ THE POSTS BELOW –

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-genocide.html

The Orissa famine of 1866 was caused by the uncle of Lord Arthur Balfour ,  Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury.

Both were members of the Committee of 300 run by Rothschild.
Rothschild made Arthur Balfour the PM of Britain ( 1902 to 1905 ) — a hermaphrodite with a prick and a twat ,  sans balls..  Sir Harold George Nicolson  and Charles Raymond Bell Mortimer were among his various gay partners .  

Balfour could GIVE and TAKE - if you know what I mean. 

LE PHATTAPAT !

DE PHATTAPAT !!



Rothschild made Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury ( uncle of Balfour ) 3 times PM from 1885 to 1902. thrice Prime Minister, serving for a total of over 13 years-- the last Prime Minister to head his entire government from the House of Lords ( 100% members chosen by Rothschild ).  

He is responsible for the  Orissa famine of 1866/67, when  5.8 million died of starvation in the two-year period

Arthur Balfour succeeded his uncle as PM of Britain thanks to Rothschild.

Balfour was an architect of the League of Nations , whose CHENGA service to the organisation saw him R awarding him a  Nobel Peace Prize in 1937.( who knows apna Modi made be the next )

The Balfour declaration was not made by the Westminster parliament.  

It was a bullshit letter from Lord Arthur James Balfour of the Committee of 300, an inner circle of the Round Table secret society ( HIDDEN HAND ), to Lord Lionel Walter Rothschild of the Committee of 300, who funded the Round Table.  

It was a letter between two members of the secret society.

To put it simple- a letter from Rothschild to Rothschild.

Balfour could NOT FART without Rothschild’s consent.


Whenever the Jews were persecuted in ancient Palestine , they came running to Kerala in India. Why NOT some other place ? Why this penchant for Kerala? Because Judaism was started by disgraced Namboodiris in Palestine.

Never mind all this propaganda –that “Eretz Israel is a land promised to the Jews by God according to the Hebrew and Greek Bibles and the Quran, respectively . and that Moses led the Jews who were slaves building the pyramids out of Egypt”.

Those days Judaism did NOT exist.


The Diaspora began in 586 BCE during the Babylonian occupation of Israel. The Babylonians destroyed the First Temple, which was central to Jewish culture at the time.    After the 1st century Great Revolt and the 2nd century Bar Kokhba revolt, the Romans expelled the Jews from Judea, changing the name to Syria Palaestina.

The Bar Kokhba revolt caused a spike in anti-Semitism and Jewish persecution. The ensuing exile from Judea greatly increased the percent of Jews who were dispersed throughout the Diaspora instead of living in their original home.

In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut ( MY HOMETOWN ) for refuge.

In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

 In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.

In 135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut, to avoid extermination.   The Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin—when the Catholic Portuguese destroyed their Synagogue at Kodungallur..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/bar-kokhba-in-fight-to-finish-over.html

CHECK OUT THE BEAUTY OF THE LAND OF KERALA AND HAVE A MENTAL ORGASM !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/paradise-on-earth-kerala-land-steeped.html



YesterdayAl Saud dynasty  Saudi King Salman  appointed interior minister Mohammed bin Nayef as his new heir, replacing the monarch's half brother prince Muqrin.  

Mohammed bin Nayef of Al Saud bloodline, is a favourite on Zionists and escaped four assassination attempts unhurt

King Salman made his own son, defence minister Mohammed bin Salman, ( a Zionist darling ) second in line to succeed.

GETTING BACK- 


TE Lawrence, refused the Distinguished Service Order and the insignia of a Companion of the Bath from the hands of King George V, and also the king’s offer of a knighthood or the Order of Merit.  

He was unhappy how Rothschild made a CHOOT out of Hashemtite Sharif Hussein bin Ali , Sharif of Mecca.   

Muslim Hussein was USED to dismantle the Muslim Ottoman Empire and then discarded like a used curry leaf.  The final FRUIT went to the crypto Jewish Al Saud dynasty.

An angry TE Lawrence gave up his Colonel rank and joined the Royal Air Force in 1922 as an aircraftman second class, the equivalent of a private, under an assumed name-- and he could do with a good ass whipping of self inflicted pain.

TE Lawrence had managed to get Prince Feisal( son of Hussien ) , the leader of the Arab Revolt, and Chaim Weizmann, the Zionist leader, to sit down together in January 1919 and sign an extraordinary agreement (largely drafted by Lawrence himself) that would have created a joint Arab-Jewish government in Palestine, with unlimited Jewish immigration.

Feisal conceded that Palestine could contain 4 million to 5 million Jewish immigrants without harm to the rights or property of the Arab population, a number not greatly different from the number of Jews living in Israel today.

In 1919, when Lawrence was at the Paris Conference, he served as go-between for Prince Feisal, the leader of Arab nationalism at that time, and Chaim Weizmann, the head of the Zionist movement, when they signed the only treaty between the two movements until the 1978 Camp David accords.
Both sides pledged to help one another and to work together.

 When Feisal was evicted from Syria by the French Rothschild in 1920, this treaty became void.

The British and French branches of Rothschild family always in CAHOOTS—always played GOOD GUY BAD GUY to make an ass of their unsuspecting opponents . 

Remember the fight between the Ambani brothers—one with ruling party and the other with the opposition always.

During the war, Lawrence fought alongside Arab irregular troops under the command of Faisal, son of Sharif Hussein of Mecca, in extended guerrilla operations against the armed forces of the Ottoman Empire.

The secret Sykes-Picot Agreement between French Rothschild and British Rothschild blew away all promised Lawrence had made to Hussein in exchange for his help in confronting the Ottoman Muslims.

This has always been the style of Rothschild –DECEIT at every step.

If British Rothschild supports side A , then French Rothschild would support side B . Nobody ever knew that both French and British were always in cahoots—after all R family was running the show in both countries...

Tipu Sultan learnt it the hard way .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

In November 1915, two negotiators representing the principal interested parties - France and Britain - were appointed.  Their names were Sykes and Picot both Rothschild stooges .

Sir Mark Sykes, was a member of the British Parliament and a renowned Middle-East traveller.
Monsieur François Georges-Picot, was a former Consul General for France in Beirut, Lebanon.

Their terms of reference were to prepare an Agreement and by January 1916 they were ready to submit The Sykes-Picot Agreement for consideration. In May 1916 it was accepted in principle by the Ministers of State of the Allies.

Under the terms of the Sykes-Picot Agreement-
France would be given 'direct, or indirect, administration' of a 'Blue Area' that covered Cilicia and the Syrian and Lebanese coastal areas.

Britain would take control under similar terms of a 'Red Area' - Central and Southern Mesopotamia, as far north as Baghdad, plus Acre and Haifa in Palestine.

A third area - the 'Brown Area' - which covered the remainder of the Holy Land including Jerusalem, would be under an 'International Administration' to be decided later.

The territory that fell between the Red and Blue Areas would be under independent Arab rule, but would be sub-divided into two sub-areas: the 'Northern A' and 'Southern B'.   In the former British R would have the sole rights to appoint advisers to the Arab ruler and have preference over loans and contracts; the French R would enjoy the same privileges in the Southern B.

French R would get control over most of Syria and the Mosul area in Mesopotamia.

In May 1916 Britain and France had signed a secret accord - known as the Sykes-Picot Agreement, after the two negotiators - that called for a postwar division of Turkey's Middle East territories into British and French spheres of influence. Any Arab state in the region would be subject to British R and French R administrative control.

Two days after the triumphant entry into Damascus, Faisal learned the bitter truth , that he had been made an ass --CHOOTIYA BANAYA- the limitations to Arab independence . 

Insisting that he had known nothing of the secret accord, Lawrence demanded that Gen Allenby relieve him of his military duties and that he be permitted to return to England.

He was to reveal the slimy deceit in his book in Seven Pillars of Wisdom—all  the promises to the Muslim Arabs were not worth the paper it was written on.

Lawrence appeared before a committee of Britain's war cabinet on October 29. His proposal: scrap Sykes-Picot to keep the French out of the Middle East and divide Mesopotamia and Syria into three kingdoms ruled by three of Hussein's sons, with Faisal presiding in Damascus.

 While he awaited a government decision, Lawrence wired Hussein, suggesting that he send Faisal as his representative to the peace conference to be held early in 1919 in Paris.

But once more, Lawrence had unpleasant news for Faisal.  Meeting his ship at Marseilles on November 26, he informed his wartime comrade that the French R had vetoed his participation in the peace conference.

When Lawrence introduced Faisal to Jew Chaim Weizmann in London a deal was made . In return for uncontested entry to Palestine, the Jews were to lend Faisal money to establish his kingdom in Syria.

Colonel Lawrence atatneded the peace conference ( sic ) that convened on January 18, 1919.  With Faisal denied a seat at the conference, it became Lawrence's task to ensure that his Arab Muslim comrade remained loyal to Britain.

Crushed by the deception of  R  Faisal agreed to the terms of the Sykes-Picot Agreement that postponed true Arab independence.

Proclaimed king of Syria in March 1920, Faisal ( son of Hussein ) was deposed by the French Rothschild in July (CHOOTIYA BANAYA  after just 3 months )  - as the British Rothschild stood by doing nothing.  

In 1921 British R placed Faisal on the PEANUTS throne of Iraq, which remained under British R domination for the next decade. Meanwhile, his brother Abdullah ( son of Hussein ) was installed as PEANUTS emir of Transjordan, another British R protectorate.  

In 1924 Hussein was forced (CHOOTIYA BANAYA ) to abdicate as ruler of the Hejaz, to be replaced by the crypto Jew leader of Ibn Saud tribe.


Muslim Sharif Hussein bin Ali , Sharif of Mecca was USED to fight Muslim Ottoman Sultan on a CARROT ON STICK reward  –  



--after later the CARROT was given on a platter to Ibn Saud crypto JEW clan by JEW Rothschild .




Muslims who know the Koran also know that Kingship is NOT allowed.

An imposed authority of One Person and his Family members to suppress the people and silence any other voice "of opposition" to the king's despotic and completely dictatorial rules.   

Kings are denounced in the Holy Koran by a  verse: "Kings, when they enter a country, despoil it, and make the noblest of its people the meanest. Thus do they behave." (27-34)

The Jewish tribes of Arabia are known as Hejaz.

Let me quote Wikipedia :--

 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_tribes_of_Arabia

QUOTE :
Some of the Jewish tribes of Arabia historically attested include:--

Banu Aws[3][4] fled Syria under Ghassanid rule, then fled Yathrib (presently known as Medina), and after expulsion by Muhammed, back to Syria[unreliable source?]
Banu Harith or Banim Chorath[5][3][4]
Banu Jusham[3][4][unreliable source?]
Banu Najjar[3][4][unreliable source?]
Banu Qaynuqa[3][4]
Banu Sa'ida[3][4]
Banu Shutayba[3][4]
Banu Kinanah[3][4]
Jafna Clan of the Banu Thal'aba who were exiled members of the Banu Ghassan - while both tribes were not Jewish, they did have Jewish members; whereas the Jafna Clan was solely Jewish[3][4][6][unreliable source?]
Banu Zaura[7]
Banu Zurayq[3][4] In Islamic lore, Labid ben Asam was a Jewish Jinn (Demon) who cast a spell on Muhammad that prevented him from having sexual relations with his wives[8]—thus no male offspring. Muhammad actually did have male offspring, although none of them survived more than a few years of age.
Banu Quda'a — Himyarite tribe of converts to Sadducee Judaism[9]
Banu Qurayza — sub-clan of the al-Kāhinān, located in Yathrib (Medina), "principal family" fled Syria under Ghassanid rule, then fled Medina, after expulsion by Muhammed, back to Syria
Banu Nadir — sub-clan of the al-Kāhinān, located in Yathrib (Medina)
Banu Juw — sub-clan of the Banu Qaynuqa, Fled to North Africa.
:UNQUOTE

Most of them are survivors of survivors of the Bar Kochba Revolt, in 135 AD.

A lot of them are Syrian Jews ( 300 AD )  known in Islamic literature as the Banu Aus and the Banu Khazraj who fled the Ghassanids in Syria.  In Kerala we have Syrian Jews who were sponsored by Rothschild.  Today they call themselves Kerala Syrian Christians.

WIKIPEDIA HAS VERY CLEVERLY LEFT OUT "NAMING" THE RULING CLANS OF THE DESERT KINGDOMS LIKE  SAUD, THANI , KHALIFA , SABAH ETC. 

PROBABLY THERE WOULD BE A CHARLIE HEBDO  .

Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thaniis the eighth and current Emir of the State of Qatar.  The House of Thani  is the ruling family of Qatar, whose origins can be traced back to the Ma'adid clan of the Banu Tamim tribal confederation.

The Khalifa clan is the ruling clan of Bahrain. The current Emir  is Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa.



DOES PAKISTAN, IMAM OF DELHI JAMA MASJID ( who called Pakistani PM , but did not call Indian PM ) TEESTA SETALVAD , ZAKIR NAIK, OWAISIs etc THINK THAT WAHABI FUNDS ARE ISLAMIC ?







REALLY?

MIND YOU, OWAISIS ARE LOYALISTS OF THE TURKISH OTTOMAN SULTAN -- NAMAK HALALs .   


Below: Princess Dürrühsehvar with her father Ottoman Caliph Abdülmecid II and her husband Hyderabad Nawab Azam Jah, 1931



THE NIZAM OF HYDERABAD IS RELATED BY BLOOD TO THE OTTOMAN MUSLIM SULTAN.





Below: Barkat Ali Khan Mukkaram Jah, titular Nizam of Hyderabad and his mother Princess Durru Shehvar, the Princess of Berar ( Hyderabad )


SO SUNRISE HAS BECOME SUNSET , RIGHT ?

CROW IS FLYING UPSIDE DOWN, RIGHT?

GANDHI CAME RUNNING WITH THE ALI BROTHERS TO KERALA TO SAVE THE TURKISH OTTOMAN SULTAN AND CAUSED A PERMANENT HINDU MUSLIM DIVIDE ( BY A MOPLAH KHILAFAT REVOLT ),  RIGHT ?

NOT ONE OF THESE WAHABI FUND MAANGTHA HAI MUSLIMS EVEN HEARD THE NAME OF R , RIGHT ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/razakers-of-mim-operation-polo-to-annex.html


Be loyal to the WATAN, not to some King in a desert kingdom , handpicked by R !



IN BETWEEN ALL THIS WE HAVE A KATJU- CRYING FROM THE ROOFTOPS THAT MUSTAFA KEMAL ATATURK IS HIS HEROOOOO NO 1 - TEE HEEEEEE !




ALMOST EVERY ISLAMIC TERRORIST FUNDING IN INDIA , PAKISTAN AND BANGLADESH IS JEWISH. 

WHEN OIL GETS DEPLETED IN THE MIDDLE EAST , THESE CRYPTO BLOODLINE KINGS CHOSEN BY R WILL SUDDENLY BECOME VERY COMPASSIONATE  THEY WILL COLLECTIVELY CRY ALONG WITH THEIR JEWISH BOSS R " DEMOCRRASSSY VERRY GOOOOOD" , AND THEY WILL DISAPPEAR TO THE WESTERN RIVERAS WITH THEIR BLOODLINE - WHERE THE PEOPLEs MONEY IS SALTED AWAY.    

When I started blogging, I promised to rewrite world history, I have not even reached 5.75% after 880 blog posts .  

Black Wahabi mamba ko watan ka langot main kabhi nahi bandhna - is mein akkal mandhi nahi hai ! 

Yeh WATAN humari MAAA hai !!-- BJP nahi !!!! 
Why is the Ibn Saud dynasty sellign oil so cheap on the bidding of R to screw Putin?-  when the common people are so poor .  The glitz is only in cities- you should see the poverty in the nation.
R’s  puppet-state of Saudi Arabia,has been the sponsor of Salafi terrorism.  

The Salafi movement is often described as synonymous with Wahhabism, but Salafists baulk at the word Wahhabi- subko CHOOTIYA banana keliye !   

Ibn Saud dynasty is injecting billions of USD yearly , to increase the Salafi Islam throughout the world. Madrassas are funded to subvert young minds-with the the "gold standard" of Jihai Islam .

 Mind you, these are Jewish funds.

Salafis in India and Pakistan  are known as Ahl al-Hadith—who give lot of importance to COOKED UP HADITH BY ROTHSCHILD.. 

Mind you Koran was edited at Kodungallur mosque and it was an EXCELLENT moral guide befitting those times.  Islam is NOT yet ready to know more how the Koran was subverted.

R’s ILLUMINATI strategy would NOT work without the endless influx of oil funds from the various desert kingdoms where his crypto Jew puppets rule.

This is how R has a strangle-hold over the world’s governments and economies. 


BUT ROTHSCHILD MEDIA SAYS HE IS A VERY POOR MAN.

ROTHSCHILDs NAME IS NOT EVEN IN THE FORBES FORTUNE 500 LIST.

FORBES IS CONTROLLED BY R.

TOBA TOBA !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/worth-more-than-sum-total-of-entire.html


BAHOOT NA INSAAFI HAI YEH !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/great-american-depression-capt-ajit.html



Every oil/ gas / mineral rich kingdom royal bloodline is created and protected by R.

As long as these kings and sultans and emirs allow R to such out the nations ( people’s ) wealth they are safe.   One word of dissent and the king’s crypto Jewish  bloodline will be replaced by another bloodline.

Hassanal Bolkiah  , the sultan of Brunei , world’s richest royal and absolute ruler of the tiny, oil-rich nation is controlled and protected by R.

People in Brunei joke who their country’s flag is same as the Shell oil company flag. Till 9184 Brunei was a R British protectorate.

The Sultan of Brunei has banned Christmas in his Kingdom. Businesses that openly displayed Christmas decorations were asked to remove them. But if he dares to ban any Jewish festival his ass will be fried by R.

In the spring of 2014, Brunei’s Sultan introduced Sharia law. This means that “fines and jail terms can be imposed for failing to attend Friday prayers, indecent behavior, and pregnancies outside of marriage.” The second phase, which was implemented later in 2014, “prescribes flogging for Muslims who consume alcohol and, for property crimes, flogging and amputation.” In late 2015, the third phase will “allow for death by stoning for gay sex and adultery.”

But hey, like Saudi Royals the Sultan’s bloodline is exempted. 



A Jewish American woman, Jillian Lauren, an ex-stripper and underage teenager, spent some time in the drunken and highly competitive “harem” of the Sultan’s brother, Prince Jeffri Bolkiah, which consisted mainly of paid Western prostitutes. 



Lauren and other prostituted women shopped ‘til they dropped;  Lauren claims that she personally broke “two of the (anti-Sharia) offenses” with the Sultan himself “as we looked down on the lights of Kuala Lumpur from a penthouse suite.”



This is interesting because it suggests that the Sharia law being imposed is meant for everyone else but the royal rulers of Brunei. This also confirms what we already know– think of what ISIS is doing to Yazidi girls.

Below: GOLDEN SHITPOT KI JAI !



The Sultan lives in a 1800-bed palace, indulges himself in western luxuries and beautiful whores. 

GOLDEN BATH TUB KI JAI !


Pamella Bordes ( Miss India 1982 ) is very familiar with the king size opulent bed rooms .





Let me quote Wikipedia –

QUOTE:  The Sultan has one of the world's largest and most expensive and rarest car collections, the exact extent of which has been subject of speculation[by whom?] as there are no official or verifiable reports, some sources[which?] have speculated about it to be in the hundreds while some even suggested thousands, some even say between 3,000 and 4,000 cars.[citation needed] 

GOLDEN CAR KI JAI 



While a prominent collector, a variety of reports have been released showing that the car collection is not treated well.

GOLDEN PLANE KI JAI 



 In one, it was reported 2000 of the original 2500 cars were so poorly kept, and had been left to 'rot' for over a decade, that they were beyond saving.[37] 

 GOLDEN BED ROOM KI JAI - GOLDEN PAAN BHI KHAAT HOYEEENGA 




Despite this, some brands including Lamborghini, Bentley, Ferrari, Bugatti, and Rolls-Royce, make new cars exclusively for the Sultan that are not sold or advertised to the public.[citation needed]

GOLDEN CAMERA KI JAI 


The Sultan's involvement in sports includes playing polo, golf, and badminton. He also enjoys race car driving, piloting helicopters, and aircraft. 

GOLDEN FOOT REST KI JAI- DIAMOND JOOTA KI JAI !



On international trips, he pilots his own Boeing 747-400.[38] He is also very fond of gold and has a Rolls-Royce coated with 24k gold.

DIAMOND CELL PHONE KI JAI -- DIAMOND DILDO KIDHAR HAI ?


He often enjoys fine cigars, and has a notable favourite, the Gurkha Centurian, that was commissioned specifically for him.[39]

GOLDEN GUN KI JAI ! GOLDEN LANGOT KITHE ?



His 1,800-room palace, the Istana Nurul Iman, is considered the world’s largest private residence.[40][41]:



Foreign honorary awards[edit]
 Pakistan : Nishan-e-Pakistan (18 September 1992)
 Bahrain : Order of Khalifa (24 April 1988)
 Egypt : Collar of the Order of the Nile (17 December 1984)
 France : Grand Croix of the National Order of the Legion of Honour (12 February 1996)
 Germany : Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (30 March 1998)
 Indonesia : Adipurna (or First Class) of the Star of the Republic of Indonesia (22 October 1984)
 Japan : Collar of The Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum (3 April 1984)
 Jordan : Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (19 December 1984)
 Laos : Phoxay Lane Xang (28 November 2004)
 Morocco : Collar of the Order of Muhammad (16 September 1988)
 Netherlands : Order of the Netherlands Lion (21 January 2013)[43]
 Oman : The Civil Order of Oman, First Class (15 December 1984)
 Philippines :
Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (29 August 1988)
Punong Komandante (Chief Commander) of the Philippine Legion of Honor (5 March 1998)
 Saudi Arabia : Collar of the Order of Badr Chain (3 January 1999)
 Singapore :
First class of the Order of Temasek (12 February 1990)
Military Dintinguished Service Order (DSO, 12 February 1990)
 South Korea : Grand Order of Mugunghwa (6 April 1984)
 Sweden : Knight of the Royal Order of the Seraphim (7 February 2004)
 Thailand : Order of Rajamitrabhorn (1 November1988),
 Ukraine : Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise 1st class (8.3.2004) & Cross of Honour (28 January 2007)
 United Kingdom :
Honorary Knight Grand Cross of The Most Honourable Order of the Bath (GCB, 4 November 1992) [42]
Honorary Knight Grand Cross of The Most Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG, 29 February 1972) [42]
Honorary Companion of The Most Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George (CMG, 7 August 1968) [42]
:UNQUOTE 




Ibn Saud ( ruled Saudi Arabia from 1932 to 1953 )  was the father of more than 100, including forty-five sons.

Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud  ( ruled Saudi from  1953 to 1964 )   had 115 children

King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia ruled from 2005 to 2015 had more than thirty wives, and has fathered at more than  thirty-five children.



4 wives as per Koran is NOT applicable to crypto bloodlines royals installed by Rothschild

Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabai who ruled from 1982 to 2005 . Let me quote Wikipedia on this King.

Below: Fahd with a Jewess wife ( all are careful to call her Christian ) 









QUOTE :  At the same time as King Fahd presided over a more strict Islamic policy at home he was known to enjoy luxurious living abroad, even in ways that would not be allowed in his own kingdom. He visited the ports of the French Riviera, in his 147-metre (482 ft) yacht, the $100 million Abdul Aziz. The ship featured two swimming pools, a ballroom, a gym, a theatre, a portable garden, a hospital with an intensive-care unit and two operating rooms, and four American Stinger missiles.[45] The king also had a personal $150 million Boeing 747 jet, equipped with his own fountain. In his visits to London he reportedly lost millions of dollars in the casinos and was even known to circumvent the curfew imposed by British gaming laws by hiring his own blackjack and roulette dealers to continue gambling through the night in his hotel suite.[46]:UNQUOTE


The Committee of 300 is owned and controlled By Rothschild , of  the British East India Company’s Council of 300. The East India Company was chartered by the British royal family in 1600.



It made vast fortunes in the opium drug trade with China and became the largest company on earth in its time. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html

Today, through many powerful alliances, the Committee of 300 rules the world and is the driving force behind the criminal agenda to create a “New World Order”, under a “Totalitarian Global Government”.



The inner circle of the Committee of 300 is the Order of the Garter, headed by Queen Elizabeth Windsor II. It is interesting to note that the Windsor’s changed their name from the Germanic Saxe-Coburg-Gotha during WWI, because of anti-German sentiment.



The Committee of 300 is the ultimate secret society made up of an untouchable ruling class (Rothschild can make them do press ups or get into MURGA position ) , which includes the Queen of the United Kingdom (Elizabeth II), the Queen of the Netherlands, the Queen of Denmark and the royal families of Europe



Rockefeller who owned Standard Oil is a crypto German Jew Rockenfeld- an offshoot of German Jew Rothschild family



Below:  Reduced 13th century Mahapahit Empire .  

In ancient days Lord Ayyappa (HARIHARA SUDAN )the 9th avatar of Vishnu was worshipped in Brunei –  a vassal state of MAJAPAHIT Hindu empire  ( extending from Singapore to Manila ).

Below:  Sorry lying R historians --  Majapahit did NOT conquer South India-- the origin was in South India ( Kerala/ Tamil Nadu empires )



PARVATI STATUE FOUND IN BRUNEI


AYYAPPA STATUE IN LONDON MUSEUM ( HARI HARA)-     The left half represents Shiva (with the Trishula) and the right half represents Vishnu (with the Chakra and Conch).










VALI  / SUGRIVA FIGHT -6000 YEARS AGO

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/king-vali-and-queen-tara-of-ramayana.html



Below: Hindu temple in My Son Vietnam . These are not 4th century temples as the LYING white man says --India ruled from Palestine to Vietnam in 7000 BC



Today , 1st May is May Day.



R asked his stooge Chettiar to found his Commie Labour Kisan Party of Hindustan on 1st May 1913 at Chennai and asked him to fly the Jew Red Bolshevik flag .



R commie Malayapuram Singaravelu Chettiar was a chela of EVR Periyar and BR Ambedkar who got him converted to Buddhism.

Below: R stooges BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar whom R used to destroy Hinduism from within.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/hinduism-in-bali-turn-of-tide-and-hindu.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/cnn-ibn-poll-greatest-indian-since.html

MN Roy who had a Jewish honey pot wife ( Evelyn Trent / Shanti Devi ) provided by R , was the founder of Indian Communism . 

LOOK OF LOBE-- NAY-- LOVE ,  MN ROY AND JEWESS SHANTI DEVI 



Not a single Indian Commie knew that MN Roy was compromised and he had a Jewish wife.




How much R must have chuckled over brandy and cigars-- he controlled the Capitalist owners and the Commie union leaders.  

Imagine Jew Stalin was made a Labour leader hero in Rothschild’s own Baku refinery- by lighting a fire.


Stalin knew SA Dange and Chettiar.

If Malayapuram Singaravelu Chettiar was alive at the time of Independence R would have made him President of India.



 Lesser people like VV Giri became presidents and got Bharat Ratna too for good measure.



Even today not a single Indian Communist knows that German Jews Karl Marx was a blood relative of German Jew Rothschild, the owner of British East India Company – and that Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky were all Jews in the payroll of R.






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html




PUTIN HAS ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED KGB FILES - 

 PUTIN DECLARES 85% OF BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION GOVT ( WHO KILLED THE CZAR ) WERE JEWS . 



LET THERE BE NO DOUBT AMONG THE IGNORANT INDIAN COMMIES.     

PUTIN IS THE HERO OF THE FREE WORLD 




ROTHSCHILD FUNDED JEWS OF BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

Below: EINSTEIN FORGOT ONE PATHETIC CATEGORY - PEOPLE WHO CRAVE FOR A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE.





R controlled history books record that World War I started when the nations went to war to avenge the assassination of the Archduke Francis Ferdinand, the heir-apparent to the Habsburg throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.

Today it is know that top-level officials of R controlled European Freemasonry met in Switzerland in 1912, during which it was decided to assassinate the Archduke Ferdinand, in order to bring about World War I.

ALREADY PLANS ARE ON TO START WW3—TO PULL DOWN INDIA , CHINA AND RUSSIA –  ALICE IN GUJJULAND HAS NO CLUE . .  

The assassination act was finally committed on June 28, 1914, ( TWO FULL YEARS LATER ) in Sarajevo.

KHALISTANIS AND LTTE WERE JUST TOOKS TO KILL PAST INDIAN PMs .

Osama Bin Laden does NOT belong to the crypto Jew clan . This man is a martyr.  Later when oil gets over and DEMOCRACY BECOMES VERRRYY GOOOOOD , Osama Bin Laden will become a greater hero than Bhagat Singh.

The House of Sabah is the ruling family of Kuwait. 

Succession to the throne of Kuwait is limited to the descendants of Mubarak Al-Sabah  - a crypo Jew clan chosen by R..  Have you seen the way Israel and USA protected the Kuwaiti ruling Sabah clan- when Saddan Hussain invaded Kuwait ?

Sheikh Mubarak signed the Anglo-Kuwaiti Treaty with Great Britain on November 23, 1899, pledging himself and his successors not to receive foreign agents or representatives or to cede or sell territory without the approval of R, with this agreement, and the guarantee it represented in Kuwait and the Al-Sabah family.

This Sheikh had interactions with the ROTHSCHILD as early as 1863 when he met R agent Sir Lewis Pelly, British political resident of Persia .  

On 12 September 1868, Lewis  signed a treaty with crypto Jew Mohammed bin Thani which recognised the independence of Qatar.

Lewis was the nephew of R banking agent in England,  Sir John Henry Pelly,  Governor of the Bank of England ( R made Henry a Baronet )

Mubarak’s half-brothers, Muhammad and Jarrah, were killed by R agents enabling Mubarak’s assumption of the Kuwaiti throne.  

History records that  Mubarak assassinated his half-brothers

Sabah clan, of Kuwait, another family of secret Jews, RELATED TO AL SAUD  through the Anza tribe, Hashemite al-Sabah clan The ruling al-Sabah clan of Kuwait is part of the Amarat tribe.

By the  7th centuries before the advent of Islam, there was a HUGE Jewish population in Hejaz, mostly in and around Medina.   

Dhu Nuwas  ( one with long Rabbi curls and a poison needle in his sandals  ) was a Jewish warlord in Yemen around 520 AD who converted Christians to Judaism –CONVERT OR DIE !.   

Al Saud clan knows where the crypto Jews are in Yemen ( Najran ) today.  

MARK MY WORDS - YEMENI SHIA HOUTHIS WILL ATTACK THIS CRYPTO JEW NAJRAN ( ancient oasis ) STRONGHOLD  IN SAUDI ARABIA  





Jewish king Dhu Nuwas in 523 persecuted Pagans ( Hindus ) and Christians at Najran.   

A lot of NAJRANIS came to Kerala .  

Today they call themselves SYRIAN CHRISTIANS . TEE HEEE !


The Calicut King has a Spice trade Customs outpost here attached to a Shiva temple at Najran Oasis ( like at Mecca Oasis )



Najran was a major pilgrimage centre in ancient days which rivaled Mecca to the north. The leader of the Arabs of Najran who was executed during the period of persection, Al-Harith, was canonized by the Roman Catholic Church as St. Aretas

Below: Muzris is the ancient Roman name of Kodungallur ( Cranganore ) the cultural centre of the Calicut King. (my hometown ) 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html







The black cloth for the Kaaba (kiswah) was always taken from here – they were middlemen of Calicut king .  Najran was the first place where Christianity was planted in the desert with Jews converting to Christianity enmasse.  




During the rule of  Caliph ‘Umar, the Christian community of Najrān was deported to Mesopotamia.   Umar was  a senior Sahaba of the prophet Muhammad.  He succeeded Abu Bakr (632–634) as the second caliph of the Rashidun Caliphate on 23 August 634.

Below: The Calicut King Cheraman Perumal owned Salalah oasis and port - his grave is at Salalah ( return passage after meeting Mohammad the prophet , the nephew of the priest of the Shiva temple at Mecca Oasis )









When Najran was occupied by Dhu Nuwas, the Ka'aba Najran was burned together with the bones of its martyrs and some 2,000 live Christians within it.



Dhu Nawas became mad and drowned himself and his horse in the Red Sea.

When Muhammad died on 8 June 632 Umar initially disbelieved that he was dead.  He swore to behead anyone  who would said that Muhammad died.  

Umar spAke:  “He has not died but rather he has gone to his lord just as Moses went, remaining absent from his people for forty nights after which he has returned to them. By Allah, the messenger of Allah will indeed return just as Moses returned (to his people) and he will cut off the hands and legs of those men who claimed he has died”

Abu Bakr then publicly spoke to the community in the mosque telling them:
‘Whoever worshiped Muhammad, let them know that Muhammad has died, and whoever worshiped Allah, let them know that Allah is alive and never dies”

Abū Bakr then recited these verses from the Qur'an:
“Muhammad is but a messenger; messengers (the like of whom) have passed away before him. If, then, he dies or is killed, will you turn back on your heel? “

Jew desert tribe mapping was done in 1170 by a Jew named Benjamin of Tudela. 

He would show the desert tribes how to do proper Jewish rituals as most had forgotten.  

The Battle of Khaybar was A FIGHT TO FINISH BETWEEN Muslims under  Muhammad the Prophet and a large Jewish desert community in Khaybar in 629.  

Don’t ever believe the R historians and their BRIBED Islamic scholars of Al Saud , that Muslim was fighting PAGAN ( Hindus ) . Muhammad himself was PAGAN ( Hindu Namboodiri from Mecca )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/ibn-battuta-at-calicut-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/chinese-admiral-zheng-he-in-calicut.html

There were three main Jewish tribes in Medina, forming the most important Hejazi community before the rise of Islam in Arabia. These were the Banu Nadir, the Banu Qainuqa and the Banu Qurayza.


In 1948 R  airlifted more than 65,000 crypto Yemeni Jews to Israel in an effort called “ Operation Magic Carpet “ (Operation Messiah's Coming).



FOLLOWING IS ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT PARAS OF THIS BLOGSITE - A REVELATION OF AMAZING PROPORTIONS 

ISLAM WAS CREATED AT MECCA OASIS , TO TOUGHEN UP PAGAN (HINDUS) FOR SURVIVAL,  MAKE THEM EAT MEAT ,  AND GIVE MOONH TODH JAWAB TO THE EVIL DECEITFUL JEW AND PROSELYTIZING CHRISTIANS . 


Muhammad the Prophet ( a namboodiri ) was a smart man. Whatever he decided had relevance in those days .  

His PAGAN tribe ( Hindu ) was attack from deceitful Jews and Christians . For his creation of Islam was to make his race survive.

He consulted his King from Calicut who owned the Mecca Shiva temple before he uprooted the Shiva Lingam black stone. 

The Calicut king Cheraman Perumal went all the way to Mecca to see the nephew of the chief Hindu Namboodiri priest .  

Muhammad converted the Hindu king of Calicut to Islam in Mecca and he died on the way back at Salalah where his ship was waiting. I have been to this dargah.



IF THE HINDU KING CHERAMAN PERUMAL OF CALICUT ( MY HOMETOWN ) HAD NOT CONVERTED, NONE OF THE PAGANS IN ARABIA WOULD HAVE CONVERTED.   

THE KING MADE A HUGE SACRIFICE FOR THE SURVIVAL OF AN ENTIRE DESERT HINDU RACE .

IT IS IRONIC THAT TODAY THE SAME PEOPLE (WHOSE SOLD OUT LEADERS ARE FUNDED BY JEWS ), ARE ATTACKING HINDUS IN INDIA 





The king gave permission in a letter of his own handwriting ( by pigeon ) to convert a Shiva temple at Kodungallur ( his cultural centre ) to a mosque and this became the world’s second mosque – the CHERAMAN PERUMAN mosque. 



The first Koran was edited from here. 



Later this book underwent several changes – and like I said Islam is NOT ready to know what changes took place.










http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/vedic-practises-in-mecca-ajit-vadakayil.html

Mind you- Judaism is just 3000 years old, Christianity 2000 years old, Islam 1370 years old . All these three religions sprouted from mother religion Hinduism 30,000 year old . 

Koran was a spiritual guide and well as a SURVIVAL guide for the pagans ( Hindus ) . Only Hindus / Buddhists converted to Islam in Arabia .  Jews / Christians did not.

If I had NOT started this blogsite and written about this , the world would have never known this. 

Today Jews are funding Islam terrorists to attack Hinduism. 

Most hard core Islam terrorists are CRYPTO JEW AGENTS .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/cultural-wisdom-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

All dating for Hindusim was done by jealous Jews and Christians who had fixed the big bang at 4004 BC.  Our Vedas and Upanishads were penned down in 5000 BC , after millenniums on the oral route.  



BIBLE HAS BEEN CONTINUOUSLY EDITED AND REVISED - THE VEDAS DO NOT NEED IT .  

THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE UNDERWENT MAJOR REVISIONS - SANSKRIT HAS NOT ADDED OR SUBTRACTED ANYTHING .







By 5000 BC, the DNA was getting degraded and it was NO longer possible to have memory retention of an enormous quantity of Sanskrit verses.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/kalpa-vigraha-vishnu-idol-carbon-dated.html

The Vedas are older than the 28,450 year old Kalpa Vigraha –as Vedas do NOT mention Shiva/ Vishnu at all.

The Vedas tell us how the cosmos was created. It hints at the TRINITY concept of Shiva/ Vishnu / Brahma .  The puranas converted these cosmic allegories to gods.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/nasadiya-sukta-rig-veda-5000-bc.html

OSAMA BIN LADEN WAS A ARABIAN HINDU WHO WAS AT LOGGER HEADS WITH AN ARABIAN JEW ROYAL . 


The English speaking white Christian is now PISSED OFF, that his ancestors were killed in millions during WW1 And WW2 so that a Jew can carve out the state of Israel- where his roots never existed.

He is angry that he was fooled into thinking that he was fighting for queen and country , but was actually fighting for a German Jew whose ancestors were RADDHIWAALAS.

Gen Patton , was superseded by a Jew named Gen Eisenhower during WW2.  Christian Patton was very senior yet he was passed over.

During WW2 Gen Patton who commanded respect and loyalty among his troops went for inspections to a hospital. The whole hospital was full of wounded soldiers , some dead, some with limbs blown off in great agony , some with whole body burnt.

On one bed he saw a CHIKKOO young soldier apparently with no bruise even for a band aid.

Patton asked the doctor what is wrong with him.

Patton noticed that this man was a Jew from his surname .

The doctor said –nothing. The soldier gave unsolicited info, that he was scared by the noise of war.

PATTON BLEW HIS TOP.

EK DIYA SAALE KA KAAN KE NEECHE ! 

( Patton gave him a slap with his gloves )

PATTON CALLED HIM A  “YELLOW BELLIED JEW “



Immediately Rothschild monopolized Jewish press made a hue and cry .



Rothschild got Jew General Eisenhower to DEMOTE Patton.

If Patton had slapped a white Christian all would have been hunky dory.



Patton was assassinated after the war job was over.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/assassination-of-general-george-patton.html

In this Internet age , the white Christian man knows that Gen Eisenhower killed THREE TIMES MORE more German Christians in peace time ( after the war ) than Hilter killed Jews during WW2.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html

THE INTERNET IS TRULY THE “KALKI AVATAR”

The Jews tried their dis-information campaign using their HASBARAS for HEGELIAN DIALECTIC.

It did NOT work.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/hasbara-jewish-propaganda-on-social.html

Now they are piercing Net Neutrality.


The R historians have cooked up a cock a bull story of daring desert raids on camels by Hussein’s 4 sons along with TE Lawrence – SHOCK AND AWE tactics to subdue toe forces of the Ottoman Sultan . 

The fact remains that these were mere fronts for romantic Hollywood LORE- mere photoshoots  . 

Below: Modern Reality TV equivalent ( cooked up ) TE Lawrence "POSING" with camels - to make a CHOOT out of the whole world.


The real shock and awe came from war ships and war planes arranged by Rothschild. 






Indian soldiers were fighting in the most dangerous fronts , with swords and spears (with white man shooting from safe places ) -but DELETED by Rothschild’s historians.



The Indian Merchant Navy training ship TS Dufferin  ( ALMA MATER ) was involved in the Battle of Yanbu of 1916..



I.M.S Dufferin was taken over in Bombay by the British Government of India on 2lst February
1905.


Below: Nehru inspecting the cadets.


The Ship still was was a Royal Indian Marine ship and commanded by British Officers

Below: My batch at New Delhi after marching in the Republic day parade . The guy holding the white peak cap in his left hand is Cadet Anil Singh ( on his right is Bhatia ) and behind him in the extreme right is Cadet Rakesh Alagh ( scowling as usual ) 


T.S. Dufferin (IMMTS Dufferin,1927) of Bombay, India - 1927 to 1972

Below: My batch after marching at republic day parade in New Delhi with shipping minister Kamalapati Tripathi. The Indian President, PM used to have photo sessions with us. 

We got the loudest cheer from the Delhi gals , for we were the smartest and most romantic of all the contingents !  Extreme left kneeling is Cadet Ashok Mulloth. 




Below: National Maritime day inspection ashore at Mumbai by Vijayalakshmi Pandit ( sister of Nehru ) 


T.S. Rajendra 1972 of Bombay, India - 1972 to 1993 ( 1972 Dufferin was scrapped )

Below: TS Rajendra - yesterday my batch mate Capt Dinesh Mandal died- RIP dear friend !



R.I.M.S  Dufferin was acquired by the Department of Commerce and converted into a training ship. 
On December 1927, the first batch of 50 nautical cadets joined the I.M.M.T.S. DUFFERIN.  



In 1935, training of engineering cadets was also commenced on the Dufferin. The number of cadets admitted each year was 25 nautical and 25 engineering cadets.

Ottoman command in Jerusalem surrendered only when Rothschild started destroying Islamic holy monuments.


Let me quote Wikipedia:-
QUOTE:  Text of Surrender[edit]

Diagram of Allenby's Entry into Jerusalem 11 Dec 1917, in The Times
"Due to the severity of the siege of the city and the suffering that this peaceful country has endured from your heavy guns; and for fear that these deadly bombs will hit the holy places, we are forced to hand over to you the city through Hussein al-Husseini, the mayor of Jerusalem, hoping that you will protect Jerusalem the way we have protected it for more than five hundred years." The decree was signed by Izzat, the Mutasarrif of Jerusalem.[110]

UNQUOTE 

Below: Mayor of Jerusalem waiting outside the city to surrender to Rothschild's forces 



Below: Victorious Indian soldiers who shed blood the most - entering Jerusalem in 1917-with captured Ottoman Turkish soldiers walking behind . 

 Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed . 

THE BASTARD ROTHSCHILD HISTORIANS KEPT THIS A SECRET TILL THIS BLOGSITE EXHUMED IT.   




THE WHITE SOLDIER DID NOT HAVE THE GUTS TO DRAW BLOOD WITH A SWORD OR SPEAR.









HMS Raven II was a seaplane carrier used by Rothschild (captured German freighter Rabenfels ) . The planes from the ship were used for indiscriminate bombing of Ottoman positions. 



On 1 September, the ship was in Port Said preparing for another sortie into the Red Sea when she was hit by a bomb dropped by a German aircraft . Although Raven II was only lightly damaged, Anne was sent in her place. 



Raven II relieved Anne on 26 October 1916 in the Red Sea and her aircraft bombed Turkish forces advancing on Rabigh and Yanbu on 10 December 1916.

WHO KNOWS ? 

WITH THE NEXT MAJOR EARTH QUAKE ,IN NW INDIA WE MAY STRIKE OIL AND THEN THE ARABS CAN GO BACK FASTER ON TO THEIR CAMELS ( AND DEMOCRACY) !




How many of you heard of Cambridge professor, Fenton John Antony Hort, his partner  Anglican clergyman, Brooke Foss Westcott  and Eleanor Mildred Balfour, the sister of MAN CHICK Arthur Balfour, whom Rothschild  would make the Prime Minister of Great Britain.



DOES ANYBODY KNOW HOW THESE R STOOGES SCREWED UP THE MODERN ABRIDGED BIBLE ?



I WONDER IF I SHOULD TALK ABOUT IT  ?

OK I SHALL, SAY 0.5% . 



PROBABLY I WILL WET THE CURIOUS CHRISTIAN BEAKS A LITTLE ! 




I HAD DELIBERATELY OMITTED THIS SUBJECT FROM MY POST ( BELOW) ON HOW JEWS CREATED PROTESTANT CHRISTIANITY. 



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/protestant-christianity-created-by-jews.html




DEVOUT CHRISTIANS CAN DO THEIR OWN RESEARCH, - 



I WILL JUST PROVIDE 0.5% OF WHAT NEEDS TO BE REVEALED - LEST MY CHRISTIAN READERS GET A MASSIVE HEARTACHE .

SO ALL THOSE WHO THOUGHT ONLY THE VEDAS AND KORAN WERE INJECTED- PUT YOUR HANDS UP!

WHAAAA - NO HANDS ?




Above: Fenton John Antony Hort,  Rothschild , Balfour were all apostles of the Illuminati CAMBRIDGE APOSTLES.  Most of the 12 apostles were gay. 

There are many photos of a young Arthur  Balfour with Jesuit agents Westcott and Hort, who fundamentally changed the English Bible—all Rothschild’s stooges
  

Amartya Sen ( Nobel prize winner and Bharatratna ) with a Rothschild wife is a current apostle .   Bangladesi SIR Partha Dasgupta gives him company—he is the son-in-law of R economist and stooge James Meade.




Some of the GAY apostles were Lord Tennyson , William Cory, E. M. Forster, John Maynard Keynes, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Lytton Strachey, Balfour, Rupert Brooke, Guy Burgess, Anthony Blunt etc. 
       


THE FREE CITIZENS OF THIS PLANET ARE WAKING UP.  

JUST A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO THE STATUE OF CECIL JOHN RHODES, THE UNCLE OF LORD BALFOUR WAS DEFACED BY A BUCKET OF SHIT---




--- IN SOUTH AFRICA AND THEN UPROOTED .  




CECILs AND ROTHSCHILD STOOGE GANDHIs STATUE FOLLOWED SOON DEFACED BY WHITE PAINT IN SOUTH AFRICA .



TODAY THE BLACK SOUTH AFRICAN  PEOPLE KNOW THAT NATIONAL WEALTH WAS SUCKED OUT BY CECIL JOHN RHODES TO CARVE OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL .   

OF COURSE WE KNOW THAT THE MAJOR WEALTH OF ROTHSCHILD WAS AND IS KERALA TEMPLE GOLD.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

BOTH UNCLE RHODES AND NEPHEW BALFOUR WERE HARD CORE AND PERVERTED HOMOSEXUALS .



CECIL JOHN RHODES WAS JUST A SMALL FRY AGENT OF ROTHSCHILD – A MERE BROKER FRONT.



IT WAS ROTHSCHILD ALL THE WAY VACUUMING OUT SOUTH AFRICAN DIAMOND AND MINERAL WEALTH.




YOUNG GANDHI WAS A STOOGE OF ROTHSCHILD AND RHODES.

Below: The anus of the black miner was probed by a white finger to check for diamonds on vacating the mine to go home.



Below: Almost all the Indian diamonds have gone into Rothschild's personal vaults.   Till the white man discovered diamonds in South Africa in 1886, diamonds were available only in India.  In 1726 the white man had found some" low quality" diamonds on a Brazilian river bed. The next discovery was in 1906 in Congo.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/total-internal-reflection-capt-ajit.html




RABID HOMOSEXUAL AND  AGENT OF ROTHSCILD Cecil John Rhodes DCL ( 1853 – 1902) was the  founder of the southern African territory of Rhodesia, which was named after him in 1895.   

Rhodes University is also named after Rhodes.   He set up the provisions of the Rhodes Scholarship, which is funded by his estate and all Rhodes scholars who made it big were Rothschild’s stooges.



Gay Cecil John Rhodes was a racist but he loved the BIG DICKS of the South African black- he needed a good pounding real bad , daily.



Rhodes was named the chairman of De Beers at the company's founding in 1888. De Beers, established with funding from Rothschild .

Cecil John Rhodes,  organized a secret society Society for Psychical Research  in 1891 which included Rothschild of England and Arthur Balfour 

Sir Robert Gascoyne-Cecil (1830-1903) / UK Prime Minister for three terms / father of Robert Cecil (1864-1958).



Lord Robert Cecil was the second son of James Gascoyne-Cecil and Frances Gascoyne.
CECIL is a JEW surname.

Below: The grave on an EVIL man , Cecil John Rhodes



Rothschild gave Edgar Algernon Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, son of Sir Robert Gascoyne a Nobel prize for peace in 1937.for his role in starting the Rothschild controlled League of Nations .

Sir Robert Gascoyne-Cecil  ( UK PM for 3 terms ) was brother to mother of Gerald and Arthur Balfour.


Cecil John Rhodes gave his entire De Beers diamond wealth to Rothschild in his will—as he was a small change agent cum front.


In 1889 the Cecil Rhodes “ Round Table” was formed with the sole aim of sucking out the natural resources of South Africa to carve out the state of Israel and to extend Rothschild’s colonial empire.  

It must be known that the Commonwealth of Nations are past colonies of Jew Rothschild and NOT the English queen.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/india-must-quit-commonwealth-capt-ajit.html

Below : A man with balls of steel named PUTIN is making them shit in their pants daily !



Below : Both created and eliminated by Rothschild--  

GIVE LOBE- NAY - LOVE TO YOUR WHITE MASSTAAAH WHO SHITS ON YOU FACE DAILY AND ROBS YOUR COUNTRY BLIND !




SAB KO CHOOTIYA BANAYA !



WHEN IS KAILASH SATYARTHI BECOMING PRESIDENT OF INDIA AND MALALA OF PAKISTAN ?


Below: Punch into Google search GANDHI VASELINE 


Below:  ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED UN PROMOTES NON VIOLENCE





Above : UN ALSO PROMOTES AN INDIAN MAN SHOVING HIS PRICK covered with cold sores INTO ANOTHER INDIAN MANs rotten ASSHOLE !
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html

Below: Injecting decadence into young minds ! 

What is all this ?  

Do we want this in India ? Immoral and vicious gay propaganda !

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO WATCH THIS VIDEO BELOW !!!




When World War I broke out in 1914, Palestine was firmly in the grasp of the Ottoman Empire.  Five weeks after the Balfour Declaration ( letter from R to R ) , the Turks surrendered Jerusalem to British forces, virtually without a fight.

CHAKKAR KYA HAI BHAIYAA ?




Revision of the English Bible actually began well in advance as soon as Rothschild grabbed Tipu Sultan’s gold in 1799, to become the richest man on the planet.

Rothschild created the Bengali bible using his stooge Raja Ram Mohan Roy , William Carey, Joshua Marshmann and William Ward.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/opium-raja-british-stooge-ram-mohan-roy.html

In 1835 the Rothschild created  American Bible Society rejected any foreign version not consistent with the common version [Authorised Version (KJV)] - such as the Rothschild created Bengali New Testament 

TEE HEEE !

In 1836 the American & Foreign Bible Society formed by Baptist churches to circulate Bengali New Testament and other versions that would translate "baptism" as "immersion."  This is how Hindus were converted into Christianity ( with Ram Mohan Roy watching )  -  by immersion in the Hooghly river.

Rothschild’s sole agenda was  to transform the Christian Bible into an instrument of Zionism.
The American Bible Society, was founded in 1816 and funded by Rothschild.

Rothschild had roped in Queen Victoria too.

In 1865, under the “patronage” of Rothschild stooge Queen Victoria, all of the elite institutions of Britain, including the Anglican Church, the Grand Lodge of England, Oxford and Cambridge Universities, etc., gathered to fund a new institution, the Palestine Exploration Fund, dedicated to the 'rediscovery' of the Holy Land. The entire Jewish history in Palestine and Jerusalem was cooked up to suit the Jews.

Freemasonry is a Jewish establishment, whose history, grades, official appointments, passwords, and explanations are” Jewish Rothschild “from beginning to end.

QUOTE:  Freemasonry is based on Judaism. Eliminate the teachings of Judaism from the Masonic ritual and what is left? :  UNQUOTE (The Jewish Tribune, editorial, 1927)

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/freemason-lodge-of-calicut-capt-ajit.html


In 1883 the American and Foreign Bible Society and American Bible Union in unison , accepted the English revision, based on Westcott-Hort New Greek Text, and agreed to publish the King James Version, the English Revised Version and the American Bible Union version—as per Rothschild’s instructions.


In 1853, Rothschild asked F.J.A. Hort and B.F. Westcott, to create, ( not revise )an altogether New Greek Text of the New Testament.

The goal of the New Age Occult leaders is to bring in a kingdom of Satan, a counterfeit of God's kingdom. The kingdom of Satan would be one in which occult religion would rule over the earth, alongside a totalitarian political world government. In Revelation 13 there are two beasts, the first one is the government beast in verses 1-3, and the second is the beast of false religion seen in verses 11-17.

The founder of “Lucifer” Magazine in 1887, Helena Petrovna Blavatsky (1831-1891), and editor Annie Besant (1847-1933), along with other occultists believed that Christian churches were the key to introducing the doctrines of Lucifer to large masses of people. The 1904 annual report of the Theosophical Society stated:

“I believe it is through the Churches and not through the Theosophical Society that Theosophy [the worship of Lucifer]... must and should come to large bodies of people in the West.” (Transactions of the Theosophical Society, H. P. Blavatsky, Annie Besant, 1904, p. 377).

The principal founder of the Theosophical Society, Helena Blavatsky, was part of the 19th century Rotshchild inspired English occult revival.

So were the two Anglican theologians, Brook Foss Westcott and Fenton Anthony Hort , who created the Westcott-Hort Greek New Testament text of 1881.

This Greek text is the basis for almost all modern New Testament versions, including the "never inspired version," the NIV.


"(Hell is) not the place of punishment of the guilty, (it is) the common abode of departed spirits." (Westcott, Historic Faith, pp.77-78).

WITHOUT THE CONCEPT OF HEAVEN AND HELL CHRISTIANITY FALLS FLAT ON THE FACE.

“At present very many orthodox but rational men are being unawares acted upon by influences which will assuredly bear good fruit in due time, if the process is allowed to go on quietly;” (Life and letters of Fenton John Anthony Hort, Vol. 1, 1896, p. 400).




They know that He, as the King of Heaven, is coming to wage Righteous War against all who have set their face against God and, as the Lord of Karma, to judge everyone before the White Throne of Judgement for their past actions. 




Helena Blavatsky laid the foundations for the New Age Occult movement.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/madame-helena-petrovna-blavatsky-con.html



The Theosophical Society was founded in New York City in 1875 by Helena Blavatsky of Russia, it was originally inspired by Kabbala (Jewish esoteric mysticism), gnosticism (esoteric salvatory knowledge), and other forms of Western occultism.

“Our Lodges continue their propaganda work....Outside the Lodges many of the members engage in what is really Theosophical work such as lecturing, talking on the principles we are trying to put forward, preaching and other activities in connection with the Christian Churches and other organizations....” (Theosophist Magazine, Annie Besant, 1912, p. 88).



Rothschild funds both side of every war and milks both to maximum extent.  His GOD is money. R planed centuries in advance . 

Sometimes drops his own bloodline seed and watched the grandchild grow up to a position of strength in the enemy camp before he makes the next move. How well the Chitpavan Jews struck out from within.

Like Moses in Pharoah's palace , they activate his mind at the right time to strike from within.



War plans usually begins many years before the actual physical war occurs.  It begins as a thought in the mind of a man. Then the thought is discreetly shared with like-minded men of chosen IQ.  

From there it gains momentum and is committed to implementation.  Then the plan is meticulously devised and worked out over years by skillful and experienced planners, detail by detail.  Every move and counter move is visualized . 



There is NO room for failure . 

If PLAN A fails there is severe retribution to whoever caused it to fail, -  iron gears enmesh and R moves smoothly to PLAN B .  



At every stage, the NAKED truth is carefully attended by a “bodyguard of lies”.

Below: In India  BODY GUARD OF LIES are the SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES


Below: US Presidential debate -Mitt Romney and Obama fighting to prove WHO PRAYS MORE FOR ISRAEL -- R bahoot khush hua !
******************************************************************************
LAWRENCE OF ARABIA PART 3, CRYPTO JEWISH ROYAL BLOODLINES OF MIDDLE EAST - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THIS POST IS A CONTINUATION OF TWO PREVIOUS POSTS -


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-part-two-capt-ajit.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html


During the period between 1744-1932,  CRYPTO JEWISH Al Sauds fought wars with all Muslim rulers of Arabian Peninsula and were finally successful in wiping out Islam and Muslims from Arabian Peninsula in 1932 when Abdul Aziz declared himself as King of the newly formed state of ‘Saudi Arabia’.

Al Saud clan was always supported by Jew Rothschild.


Our Indian Islamic TV evangelist Dr Zakir Naik propagates Al Saud brand ( Wahabbi ) of Islam.   



Good Muslim scholars in India and now aware – what is going on.  I got my back ground from a Pakistani Shia Engineer on my ship- in VERY great detail,




MUSLIMS ARE CRYING OVER ONE BABRI MASJID – WHICH IS THE MECCA OF HINDUS.  

THOUSANDS OF ANCIENT HINDU TEMPLES HAVE BEEN DESTROYED IN PAKISTAN, BANGLADESH AND KASHMIR, NOBODY CARES.

BUT HEY,  

IGNORANT MUSLIMS DO NOT KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING TO PRICELESS ISLAMIC HERITAGE SITES IN ARABIA RULED BY CRYPTO JEWISH BLOODLINE KINGS CHOSEN BY ROTHSCHILD —   



BABRI MASJID IS LESSER THAN DIRT UNDER THE FINGER NAIL OF ISLAM .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/babri-masjid-demolition-mughal-emperor.html

Let me quote Wikipedia :--

QUOTE:
The destruction of sites associated with early Islam is an ongoing phenomenon that has occurred mainly in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia, particularly around the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. The demolition has focused on mosques, burial sites, homes and historical locations associated with the Islamic prophet Muhammad and many of the founding personalities of early Islamic history.[1] In Saudi Arabia, many of the demolitions have officially been part of the continued expansion of the Masjid al-Haram at Mecca and the Prophet's Mosque in Medina and their auxiliary service facilities in order to accommodate the ever-increasing number of people performing the pilgrimage (Hajj).[2]

Much of the Arabian Peninsula was politically unified by 1932 in the third and current Saudi State, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The military campaign led by King Abdulaziz ibn Saud and his Bedouin army of inspired tribesmen conquered the Hejaz and ousted the ruling Hashemite clan. The new Najdi rulers, nomadic Arabs largely tribal and illiterate, found themselves at the reins of a highly sophisticated society. A cohesive political structure based on the Majlis al-Shura (consultative council) system had been in place for centuries. A central administrative body managed an annual budget which allocated expenditure on secondary schools, military and police forces.[3] Similarly, the religious fabric of the Najd and the Hejaz were vastly different. 

Traditional Hejazi cultural customs and rituals were almost entirely religious in nature. Celebrations honoring Muhammad, his family and companions, reverence of deceased saints, visitation of shrines, tombs and holy sites connected with any of these were among the customs indigenous to Hejazi Islam.[4] As administrative authority of the Hejaz passed into the hands of Najdi [Wahabi] Muslims from the interior, the Wahabi ‘ulema (body of religious scholars) viewed local religious practices as unfounded superstition superseding codified religious sanction that was considered a total corruption of religion and the spreading of heresy.[5] What followed was a removal of the physical infrastructure, tombs, mausoleums, mosques and sites associated with the family and companions of Muhammad.[6]

In 1801 and 1802, the Saudis under Abdul Aziz ibn Muhammad ibn Saud attacked and captured the Shia holy cities of Karbala and Najaf in today's Iraq, massacred parts of the Muslim population and destroyed the tombs of Husayn ibn Ali who is the grandson of Muhammad, and son of Ali (Ali bin Abu Talib), the son-in-law of Muhammad. In 1803 and 1804, the Saudis captured Mecca and Medina and destroyed historical monuments and various holy Muslim sites and shrines, such as the shrine built over the tomb of Fatimah, the daughter of Muhammad, and even intended to destroy the grave of Muhammad himself as idolatrous, causing outrage throughout the Muslim world.[7][8][9] 

In Mecca, the tombs of direct relations of Muhammad including his first wife Khadijah bint Khuwaylid were demolished at Jannatul Mualla cemetery.[10] The initial dismantling of the sites began in 1806 when the Wahhabi army of the First Saudi State occupied Medina and systematically levelled many of the structures at the Jannat al-Baqi cemetery.[11] This is the vast burial site adjacent the Prophet's Mosque (Al-Masjid al-Nabawi) housing the remains of many of the members of Muhammad’s family, close companions and central figures of early Islam. 

The Ottoman Turks, practitioners themselves of more tolerant and at times mystical strains of Islam, had erected elaborate mausoleums over the graves of Al-Baqi. These were levelled in their entirety. Mosques across the city were also targeted and an attempt was made to tear down Muhammad's tomb.[12] Widespread vocal criticism of this last action by Muslim communities as far away as India, eventually led to abandoning any attempt on this site. Political claims made against Turkish control of the region initiated the Ottoman-Saudi war (1811–1818) in which the Saudi defeat forced Wahhabi tribesmen to retreat from the Hejaz back into the interior. Turkish forces reasserted control of the region and subsequently began extensive rebuilding of sacred sites between 1848 and 1860, many of them done employing the finest examples of Ottoman design and craftsmanship.[13]

On April 21, 1925 the mausoleums and domes at Al-Baqi in Medina were once again levelled[13] and so were indicators of the exact location of the resting places of the Muhammad’s family members and descendants, as it remains to the present day. Portions of the famed Qasida al-Burda, the 13th century ode written in praise of Muhammad by Imam al-Busiri, inscribed over Muhammad's tomb were painted over. Among specific sites targeted at this time were the graves of the Martyrs of the Battle of Uhud, including the grave of the renowned Hamza ibn 'Abd al-Muttalib, uncle of Muhammad and one of his most beloved supporters, the Mosque of Fatimah Al Zahraa’, daughter of Mohammad, the Mosque of the Two Lighthouses (Manaratayn) as well as the Qubbat Al-Thanaya,[13] the cupola built as the burial place of Mohammad’s incisor tooth, which was broken from a blow received during the Battle of Uhud. In Medina, the Mashrubat Umm Ibrahim, the home of Mohammad’s Coptic Egyptian wife Mariah and birthplace of their son Ibrahim, as well as the adjacent burial site of Hamida al-Barbariyya, mother of Imam Musa al-Kadhim, were destroyed during this time.[13] The site was paved over and is today part of the massive marble esplanade beside the Mosque. The government-appointed permanent scholarly committee of Saudi Arabia has ordered the demolition of such structures in a series of Islamic rulings noting excessive veneration leading to Shirk.[14]


Ajyad Fortress was razed in 2002 to permit construction of the Abraj Al Bait

hotel complex in Mecca
The twenty-first century has seen an increase in the demolition of sites in Mecca and Medina. As the annual Hajj continues to draw larger crowds year after year, the Saudi authorities deemed it necessary to raze large tracts of formerly residential neighborhoods around the two mosques to make way for pilgrimage-related infrastructure. In 2010, it was forecast that developers were going to spend an estimated $13 billion on the largest expansion project in the city’s history.[15] While there is widespread agreement for the need of facilities that can accommodate greater numbers of pilgrims, the development of upscale hotels and condominium towers, restaurants, shopping centers and even two luxury spas[16] has caused some to criticize the over-commercialization of a site which many consider to be a Divinely ordained sanctuary for Muslims. 

The rapid influx of capitalist investment in Mecca and Medina leads many to believe that money and economic growth are ultimately the bottom line for Saudi authorities. A proposition which critics argue works hand in hand with Wahhabi state policy that looks to impose a massive cultural and social deletion within the Holy Cities,[17] erasing any elements that give way to practices that go against the Wahhabi creed. According to The Independent, House of Mawalid where Muhammad is said to have been born is about to be replaced by a huge royal palace, as a part of a multibillion-pound construction project in Mecca which has resulted in the destruction of hundreds of historic monuments.[18]

Below: Having read the Koran I know who these historic personalities are.


Destroyed sites[edit]
Below is an incomplete list of destroyed sites:

Mosques[edit]
The mosque at the grave of Sayyid al-Shuhada’ Hamza ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib.[13]
The Mosque of Fatima Zahra.[13]
The Mosque of al-Manaratain.[13]
Mosque and tomb of Sayyid Imam al-Uraidhi ibn Ja‘far al-Sadiq, destroyed by dynamite on August 13, 2002.
Four mosques at the site of the Battle of the Trench in Medina.
The Mosque of Abu Rasheed.[19]
Salman al-Farsi Mosque, in Medina.[19]
Raj'at ash-Shams Mosque, in Medina.[19]
Cemeteries and tombs[edit]
Jannat al-Baqi in Medina, leveled, still open access for men only.
Jannat al-Mu'alla, the ancient cemetery at Mecca.[19]
Grave of Hamida al-Barbariyya, the mother of Imam Musa al-Kazim.
Grave of Amina bint Wahb, Muhammad’s mother, bulldozed and set alight in 1998.
Graves of Banu Hashim in Mecca.[19]
Tombs of Hamza and other casualties of the Battle of Uhud were demolished at Mount Uhud.[19]
Tomb of Eve in Jeddah,[19] sealed with concrete in 1975.
Grave of the father of Muhammad, in Medina.[19]
Historical religious sites[edit]
The house of Mawlid where Muhammad is believed to have been born in 570. Originally turned into a library, it now lies under a rundown building which was built 70 years ago as a compromise after Wahhabi clerics called for it to be torn down.[20]
The house of Khadija, Muhammad’s first wife. Muslims believe he received some of the first revelations there. It was also where his children Fatimah and Qasim were born. After it was rediscovered during the Haram extensions in 1989, it was covered over and it was made into a library.
A Hilton hotel stands on the site of the house of Islam’s first caliph, Abu Bakr.[21]
House of Muhammed in Medina, where he lived after the migration from Mecca.[19]
Dar e Arqam, the first Islamic school where Muhammad taught.[20] It now lies under the extension of the Masjid Alharam of Mecca.
Qubbat’ al-Thanaya, the burial site of Muhammed's incisor that was broken in the Battle of Uhud.[13]
Mashrubat Umm Ibrahim, built to mark the location of the house where Muhammad’s son, Ibrahim, was born to Mariah.
Dome which served as a canopy over the Well of Zamzam.[19]
Bayt al-Ahzan of Sayyida Fatima, in Medina.[19]
House of Imam Ja'far al-Sadiq, in Medina.[19]
Mahhalla complex of Banu Hashim, in Mecca.[19]
House of Ali where Hasan and Husayn were born.[19]
UNQUOTE



http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Destruction_of_early_Islamic_heritage_sites_in_Saudi_Arabia











Below: Where is the respect ?


Below: Below: Grave of wives of Prophet Muhammad






Below: Grave of Hazrat Ibrahim R.A-Son of Prophet Mohammed



Belwo:  Grave of Hazrat Amina Bibi (R.A.) the Mother of Prophet Mohammad in Abwa



















Belwo: The graves of daughters of Prophet Muhammad No1. syeda zainab R.A, No2. syeda umm-e-kulsoom R.A, No3.syeda Ruqayia R.A




Below: Grave of Hazrat Safia R.A., the only aunt (fathers'sister) of Prophet Muhammad . Mohammad loved her dearly.


Below:  Grave of syedna Hasan raddi , the beloved grand son of Prophet Muhammad 



Below: Grave of Qabr-e-Hazrat Abu Talib, uncle of prophet Mohammad






King David’s great  grandmother Ruth was a Namboodiri woman.  

King David’s wife and King Solomon’s mother Bath Sheba was a Namboodiri woman. 

Ruth  is also the ancestor of Joseph, the husband of Mary ( mother of Jesus )

The son of Rachab and Salmon ,Boaz married Ruth, the widowed Moabite daughter-in-law of Naomi, and they had a son, named Obed.  

Boaz begot Obed, Obed begot Jesse and Jesse begot David.    

Ruth’s marriage to Boaz ( below ) , causes the continuance of the line from Abraham, Jacob (Israel) and Judah to King David and eventually, to Jesus.




Let me quote Wikipedia on the Hindu ( pagan ) tribes who converted to Judaism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_converts_to_Judaism_from_Paganism

QUOTE:
This is a list of converts to Judaism from pagan ( Hindu ) religions.

Aquila of Sinope (Acylas), from traditional Greek religion[1]
Bithiah, from traditional Egyptian religion
Bulan, king of the Khazars, from traditional Khazar religion [2]
Jethro, priest of Midian and father-in-law of Moses [1], from a Mideastern religion
Makeda, queen of Sheba, from a Mideastern or Ethiopian religion[3]
Dhu Nuwas, king of Yemen, from a Mideastern religion [4]
Obadiah the prophet, from a Mideastern religion[5]
Sh'maya, Sage and President of the Sanhedrin, apparently from a Mideastern religion[6]
Avtalyon, Sage and Vice-President of the Sanhedrin, apparently from a Mideastern religion[7]
Onkelos, Hebrew scholar and translator, from ancient Roman religion[8]
Ruth, great-grandmother of King David, from a Near Eastern religion.[9]
Helena, queen of Adiabene, from traditional Greek religion. [2]
Izates bar Monobaz, king of Adiabene, from a Persian or Mideastern religion. [3]
Symacho, wife of Izates bar Monobaz, from a Persian or Mideastern religion. [4]
Monobaz II, king of Adiabene, from a Persian or Mideastern religion. [5]
Khazars, a semi-nomadic Turkic people from Central Asia (historical Khazaria), many of whom converted to Judaism en masse in the 8th and 9th Centuries CE from a Khazar religion. [6]
Osenath, from Canaanite religion (her name relates to Anat)
Zipporah, from a Mideastern or northern African religion
Yael, from Canaanite or another Near Eastern religion
Flavia Domitilla, from traditional ancient Roman religion (possibly to Jewish Christianity, as she is also a Christian saint)
Titus Flavius Clemens (consul), great-nephew of the Roman Emperor Vespasian, from traditional Roman religion (possibly to Jewish Christianity, as he is also a Christian saint)
Fulvia (wife of Saturninus), wife of Emperor Tiberius' close friend, Saturninus, from traditional Roman religion.
Tub'a Abu Kariba As'ad, from Arabian religion, was the Himyarite king of Yemen. He ruled Yemen from 390–420 CE.
Paulina Beturia, from traditional Roman religion

: UNQUOTE

The word ARABIA is derived from  ara-vat  ( arva ), meaning a horse in Sanskrit.  The “land of the horses” gives the word Aravasthan.

The Prophet Muhammad,  was born in Mecca around 570 CE.  His Namboodiri father died before he was born, and Muhammad was put under the care of his grandfather, head of the prestigious Banu Hashim pagan clan.

 His mother died when he was six, and his grandfather when he was eight, leaving him under the care of his Namboodiri uncle Abu Talib, the new head of the clan and the head priest of the Mecca Shiva Temple.  

His uncle was also in charge of the customs free trade post. The Quraysh pagan ( Hindu ) tribe monopolized the Spice route.


Banu Hashim was the sub-clan( of  Banu Quraysh)  of Banu Abd Manaf, clan of Hashim, the Prophet Muhammad's great-grandfather

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/vedic-practises-in-mecca-ajit-vadakayil.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/brahma-and-sarawati-abraham-and-sara.html


Muhammad united the pagans clans worshiping different idols .

At Medina, Muhammad overthrew the ruling Jewish elite, confiscated Jewish land, built a theocratic state, and led raids on trading caravans from Mecca. The Jewish Priestly tribes of Bani Nadhir and Qainuqa' were expelled.  An Islamic army exterminated the Jewish community of Quraiza.  

The Koran  contains many of hostile denunciations of Jews and bitter attacks upon the mean Jewish tradition. By his death, on June 8, 632, Muhammad was the effectively ruler of most of Arabia.


Soon the Islamic empire grew into one of the largest the world has ever seen, stretching from India, across the Middle East and Africa, and up through Western Europe's Iberian peninsula in what is now Spain.  The spread of Islam continued after the fragmentation of the Arab empire, and many societies in Africa and Asia adopted Muhammad's religion. 

Today, Islam is the world's second-largest religion.


Anybody who reveals the JEWISH roots of Al Saud dynasty is subject to SUPARI contract murder –they have the financial wherewithal.

An Iraqi intelligence document reveals that a historian Mohammad Sakher was assassinated for his revelation of Al Sauds’ Jewish roots.   Today all this is ld hat – the Islamic scholars know it but are too scared.

In Said Nasir’s book, The History of the Saud Family, it is mentioned that  in 1943, the Saudi ambassador to Egypt, Abdullah bin Ibrahim al Muffadal, paid Muhammad al Tamami to forge a family tree showing that the Al Sauds and Wahhabs were one family that descended directly from the Prophet Mohammed.  

In my young age I myself believed that Al Sauds were descendants of the Prophet Mohammad.


An Iraqi Mukhabarat (General Military Intelligence Directorate) Top Secret report, “The Emergence of Wahhabism and its Historical Roots,” dated September 2002 and released on March 13, 2008, by the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency in translated English form, points to the Jewish Dönmeh roots of the founder of the Saudi Wahhabi sect of Islam, Muhammad ibn Abdul Wahhab.


Rothschild reared a mercenary Hessian army( Germans )  to protect the family during colonial times. We in Kerala know of white troops NOT knowing a word of English.   They took their name from the German state of Hesse. 

The “British” R used the Hessians in combat roles in several conflicts. The merceneries were well paid. The “ French” R had their own foreign legions to protect Rothschild’s foreign assets.

Every heard of an huge army which is trained only TO PROTECT THE ROYAL FAMILY FROM INTERNAL COUPS?

The Saudi Arabian National Guard differs from the Saudi army in being forged out of tribal elements loyal to the House of Saud and tasked with protecting the royal family from internal dangers such as a coup.



The Saudi Arabian National Guard has a standing force of 100,000 troops and a tribal militia of 25,000 troops.  It serves as a security force against internal threats It reports directly to the King through the Minister of the National Guard, and so unlike the rest of the Saudi Armed Forces is not under the control of the Ministry of Defense, as its command structure and communication network are separate.

Its personnel are drawn from tribes loyal to the Al Saud King and the royal bloodline , whose high-ranking members are always appointed its commander. 



It has been described as an institution that "ties the tribes to the House of Saud" It also draws recruits from official Wahhabi religious establishment.  It differs from the army in that its officers command units (e.g. battalions) "largely made up of their own tribal cousins, which makes the leaders and their followers less susceptible to subversive ideas and outside ideologies."

WHY SHOULD A KING BE AFRAID OF HIS OWN CITIZENS AND HIS OWN ARMY ?



It is well known that billions are spent of training and arming this National Guard.  The force was extensively reorganised and retrained by the Vinnell Corporation.  Thousands of  United States army veterans were initially recruited to serve in the long-term training program designed to convert the guard into a mobile and hard-hitting counterinsurgency force.  

 The Saudi Arabian National Guard's communications and chain of command maintained a separate network from regular Saudi Arabian military channels with a senior member of the Al Saud royal family as its head.  Pakistani and Egyptian pilots are used !

The royals know that their CRYPTO JEW cover is blown.





Saudi Arabia is the only nation where the ruling clan’s name is embedded –  the country owned by Al Saud bloodline— SAUDI ARABIA .  They have Rothschild’s permission to do so .

IDI AMIN TRIED TO RE- NAME HIS NATION UGANDA  AS IDI.


THEN SOME SMART BRITISH GUY TOLD HIM THAT HIS PEOPLE WOULD BE CALLED IDIOTS – AND THE IDEA WAS SHOT DOWN.

TEE HEEE !!



In 1981 the US and Saudi governments spearheaded an effort to create the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), consisting of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, Oman and UAE.  All except Oman are members of OPEC.  


The Zionists want a person of their choice as dictator in North Korea , Venezuela, Russia and Iran.  All oil rich Islamic kingdoms  have their puppet kings  to carry out JEW Rothschild’s plans of monopolizing oil/gas and the shipping lanes in the late 18th century.  

Below: Israel darrr gaya !  Aisa kaisa re ?



Below: The six GCC ruling families are inter-related with one another,  just as are the royal families of Europe. The genealogy is known to R.  In this DNA age a strand of hair can prove it.






Rothschild’s mercenaries constitute the royal guards which protect the ruling families in all six GCC states Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates

The Sultan of Oman,  Qaboos bin Said Al Said,  is a good man.  



He respects Hindus and Hindus in Oamn love him for his tolerance .   He knows how ancient Kerala ( King of Calicut ) sustained Oman by allowing them to be brokers of the spice trade.


The formation of the GCC by Rothschild drew immediate criticism from Libya, Syria, Iraq and the PLO who said the agreement divided the Arab League.  Haves have crypto JEW royals .

BELOW LINK-  KOSHER GCC KINGS WELCOME FRENCH PRESIDENT JEW HOLLANDE - 

MAJJA HAI !

http://www.khaleejtimes.com/kt-article-display-1.asp?xfile=data/middleeast/2015/May/middleeast_May60.xml&section=middleeast


THE JOSHUA PROJECT MAPPED THE DNA OF EVERY RACE ON THIS PLANET- SEARCHING FOR CRYPTO JEWS WHOM R CAN SPONSOR.

https://joshuaproject.net/resources/maps



By doing so the Jews want to repair their damaged Y chromosome ( by mixing blood )  , which makes them sterile , early senile , perverts , homosexuals and suffering from painful diseases like Chrons.




http://www.ibtimes.com/aliyah-tribe-lost-jews-northeastern-india-seek-migrate-israel-1554816

SNIFF !

BOOOO  HOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/gotra-system-khap-rules-y-chromosome.html


After Narendra Modi bought 36 Rafale fighter jets ( inferior and over priced – YEH PICTURE BAAKI HAI ) from JEWISH French Dassault , the ruler of Qatar Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani  has bought 24 jets and saved the company from going bankrupt..  




JEWS give massive kick backs , deposited in a safe offshore account.  Russians do NOT give kickbacks.


Israel darling Modi has “QUIETLY “ bought  262 Barak missiles for Rs 880 crore, which has been hanging fire for the last six years despite successive Navy chiefs and President Abdul Kalam( DRDO boss )  sounding the red alert over its "critical operational deficiency". 

It was easy for Modi as Rajya Sabha back door entry Arun Jaitley was 2 in 1 –  Defence minister and Finance minister rolled into one – UNPRECEDENTED in Independent India.

Defence minister George Fernandes who was hell bent on the Israeli deal , sacked Admiral Vishnu Bhagawat and took in Admiral ISAAC Sushil Kumar as Navy Chief .  





WHEN OIL GETS OVER IN 3 DECADES , THE CRYPTO ROYAL BLOODLINE WILL SAY " DEMOCRRASSY VERRY GOOOD " AND DISAPPEAR INTO THE EUROPEAN RIVIERAS 



WE HAVE THE POWER ! 
JEW ROTHSCHILD GAVE IT TO US !!



When the Al Saud bloodline travels abroad for holidays ( gambling/ womanizing ) they trust only Jewish US mercenaries.

CHAKKAR KYA HAI ?

In 1999, King Fahd of Saudi Arabia and IK Gujral secretly attended the Bilderberg meeting at Sintara Portugal.  

Muslims are brown skins are NOT allowed OFFICIALLY. 

But if you are SPECIAL for Rothschild anything goes. Who knows Modi may be an invitee soon .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html

YEH IK GUJRAL KAUN SA KHET KA BEETROOT HAI RE ?

Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 27, 2014 at 7:52 PM
STOP PRESS:

I WONDER WHY THERE WERE NO COMMENTS IN THE TOI POST BELOW--

MAY BE I SHOULD MAKE ONE.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/stoi/A-fine-family/articleshow/1666348111.cms

IK Gujral’s sister was Niti Judge . Their son Amit Judge was Chairman of Turner Morrison .

Amit Judge, the founder of Barista, is IK Gujral's nephew and was married to Late Nandita Jain, TOI Ashok Jain's daughter.

Ashok Jain was the Chairman of India's largest media group, Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd., parent company of The Times of India.

Askok Jain was married to Indu Jain by whom he had two sons, Samir Jain, Vineet Jain and a daughter Nandita.

Vineet Jain’s wife was IK Gujral's niece.

Bharat Ratna Atal Bihari Vajpayee accusing Prime Minister I.K. Gujral of shielding Askok Jain because, as Vajpayee said, "Jain is his relative".

The FERA case related to a 24-year-old dispute between Jain and N.S. Hoon, an NRI businessman, over control of Turner Morrison, a R controlled British-owned holding company. Hoon alleged Jain had illegally grabbed the company and violated FERA provisions in the process.

IK Gujral was a R commie in his young days .

During the emergency of June 1975, Gujral was Minister of Information and Broadcasting, where he was in charge of the media during a time of censorship in India and was in charge of Doordarshan.
He served as Minister of External Affairs in Prime Minister V. P. Singh's cabinet. The United Front elected Gujral as their new leader and he was sworn in as Prime Minister on 21 April 1997.

Amit Judge’s Judge’s sister is married to Vineet Jain, MD Times Group who is Nandita Jain’s brother.

Ashok Jain ‘s father Sahu Shanti Prasad Jain was a business partner of R .

Sahu Shanti Prasad Jain’s father-in-law Ra mkrishna D@lmia was a Opium agent of R. In 1947, he engineered the acquisition of the media giant Bennett, Coleman by transferring monies from a bank and an insurance company of which he was the Chairman.

In 1955, Indira’s husband Feroze Gandhi raised the matter in Parliament, documenting extensively the various fund transfers and intermediaries through which the acquisition had been financed. The case was investigated by the Vivian Bose Commission of Inquiry. RK Dalmia had 6 wives and 18 children

In the court case that followed, where he was represented by the leading British attorney Sir Dingle Mackintosh Foot, our man with 18 children was sentenced to two years in Tihar Jail.

Fine R family never went to jail !

capt ajit vadakayiil
..

By 1900 Rothschild cut a deal with Mubarak al-Sabah which carved Kuwait out of Iraq and made it a British protectorate.   The vast majority of people who lived in what was now declared Kuwait was opposed the British plan and wanted to remain part of Iraq. 

Saddam Hussian did not lie when he declared that Kuwait is part of Iraq  He knows exactly what Rothschild did to create Kuwait .


Ghazi bin Faisal ( 1912 –  1939) was the King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Iraq from 1933 to 1939 having been briefly Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Syria in 1920.  He was born in Mecca, the only son of Faisal I,  the first King of Iraq ( son of Hussein ) .  Ghazi was assassinated by Jews in 1939 in a sports car crash , because of his plans for unification of Iraq with Kuwait

Faisal II  ( 1935 – 1958) was the last King of Iraq.  He reigned from 4 April 1939 until July 1958, when he was murdered during the 14 July Revolution together with numerous members of his family.  This regicide marked the end of the thirty-seven-year-old Hashemite monarchy in Iraq, which then became a republic.

Faisal was the only son of Iraq's second king, Ghazi, and his wife Queen Aliya, second daughter of 'Ali bin Hussein, King of the Hijaz and Grand Sharif of Mecca.






The first Saudi State lasted  between 1744 -1818 when their last ruler Abdullah bin Saud was executed by Ottomans.

The second Saudi state was established in 1824 and lasted till 1890 in central Arabia; when its last ruler Abdur Rahman Ibn Faisal Ibn Turki was defeated by Al-Rashids. 

Abdul Aziz bin Abdur Rahman Al-Saud (1876-1953) was the founding ruler of third Saudi State in Najd. He had fled and took refuge in Kuwait in 1890 along with his  father Abdur Rahman and entire family when Second Saudi State was defeated by Al-Rashids.

 In 1901,  Abdul Aziz returned to Najd and with the help of Kuwaitis, recaptured Riyadh from Al-Rashids.

Although the British had supported Hussein from the start of the Arab Revolt and the Hussein-McMahon Correspondence, they elected not to help him to repel the Rothschild sponsored Al Saud attack, which eventually took Mecca, Medina, and Jeddah.  Hussein was then forced to flee to Cyprus, before going to live in Amman, Transjordan, where his son Abdullah was king.  After his abdication, another of his sons, Ali, briefly assumed the throne of the Hejaz, but then he too had to flee from the encroachment of the Saudi forces. Another of Hussein's sons, Faisal, was briefly King of Syria and later King of Iraq.

Later on, with the help of  British Government, he established his hold on entire Arabian Peninsula over a period of 30 years.  In 1932 he formally declared  himself King.

These 30 years saw several hundred thousands Muslims killed, all traces of traditional Islam erased and over 60,000 sacred  graves of Sahabah, members of Prophet’s  family destroyed and their pious bodies disposed off mysteriously by Abdul Aziz forces.  In a nutshell, Islam was completely wiped out, Muslims totally vanished  and Islamic Arabia was renamed as “Kingdom Saudi Arabia “.

Al Saud did not stop at that.  They gradually changed Ahadith books, misinterpreted Quranic verses and started massive Salafi Da’wa campaign in the world to legitimize their rule in the Arabian Peninsula.

Rosthchild is involved in the current state of Islam where Muslims are looked on as evil heartless people

I WILL NOT SPEAK ON POISON INJECTIONS INTO KORAN AND HADITH BY THE JEWS- AS ISLAM IS NOT READY TO HEAR ABOUT IT.    

BUT MUSLIMS MUST KNOW JEWS CAUSE SUNNI BROTHER TO KILL A SHIA BROTHER- BY FIRING OVER A CRYPTO JEW MUSLIMs ROYAL SHOULDER.   

ISIS IS CREATED ,FUNDED AND ARMED BY JEWS USING PETRO DOLLARS.

The Al Saud kings have hundreds of children and dozens of wives.  They gamble, fornicate and drink alcohol .

Islam does NOT allow this.

Be it King or pauper, Islam allows only 4 wives, that too on certain conditions.  The children born to women used by the King for sex are known, in Islamic Law,  as illegitimate forbidden children.  There is VERY harsh punishment for fornication in Islam. 

The Al Saud Kings consolidated  authority ruthlessly, killing every Muslim who did not convert to Salafism and destroying the entire Islamic heritage kept intact for 1300 years by successive Muslim Governments.   Their forces wiped out the entire geography of Seeratun Nabi .

Many plush museum complexes such as Dar al-Malik Abdul Aziz, dedicated to the founding fathers of Saudi Kingdom, have now risen everywhere in the Kingdom.  The Sauds’ goal is to erect gleaming, high-tech relics commemorating  Al Saud dynasty.  


Yemen was one of the first nations to be converted by Muhammad’s followers in the seventh century C.E., and it has been a Muslim country ever since However, 1,500 years ago Yemen was ruled by a dynasty of Jewish kings.  

Their kingdom, called Himyar, lasted for 150 years and profoundly changed the course of Arabian political and religious history.



Historically Kerala has been connected to Kuwait area- as they wanted Kerala teak to make dhows. Kuwaiti merchants were middlemen in the spice trade of the Calicut king.


Kuwait was officially formed in the mid 1920’s under the Sykes-Picot Agreement. The al-Sabah family has ruled ever since.  

In 1914, in the midst of WWI, Rothschild’s agents promised Sheik Mubarak al-Sabah Crown recognition of his new country in exchange for al-Sabah’s turning on and attacking Ottoman Empire troops at Safwan, Mesopotamia in what is now Iraq.  

All this was a front as Rothschild’s merceneries did most of the damage to the Ottoman Empire.  

The al-Sabah clan earned Rothschild’s gratitude.  The Hashemite monarchy single-handedly rules Kuwait to this day as if it is his personal backyard.

Rothschild was less concerned about the Jewish people than he was about establishing a Middle East outpost from where he and his lackeys could keep watch over the center of their global oil monopoly.  

On advice from R / Saudi King Fahd, the al-Sabah clique dissolved Kuwait’s Parliament in both 1975 and 1986 when opposition to the emir grew too loud.  Kuwait’s parliament i smere  window dressing, since no opposition leaders are allowed to serve in the Kuwaiti Cabinet.  Currently 25% of the cabinet ministers are al-Sabah family members.  Women are not allowed to vote.  Political decisions can be VETOED by decree from the emir.  

YOU THINK INDIA IS ANY BETTER ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/abolish-rajya-sabha-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

TO CATCH THE TRAITORS TO THE WATAN , IT  REQUIRES VERY LITTLE  POLITICAL WILL OR ACUITY.

FIND OUT WHICH FAMILIES GOT FREE SCHOLARSHIP FOR THEIR CHILDREN IN ROTHSCHILDs OPIUM FOUNDED WESTERN UNIVERSITIES  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/india-must-quit-commonwealth-capt-ajit.html


The New York Times once called Kuwait, “less a country than a family-owned oil company with a seat at the U.N.”  




Wanna know how a Kuwaiti ambassador’s daughter LIED to screw Saddam Hussein ?

" I volunteered at the al-Addan hospital. While I was there, I saw the Iraqi soldiers come into the hospital with guns, and go into the room where . . . babies were in incubators. They took the babies out of the incubators, took the incubators, and left the babies on the cold floor to die."

The baby massacre never occurred.

The lying girl Nayirah's last name was al-Ṣabaḥ and she was actually the daughter of Saud bin Nasir Al-Sabah, the Kuwaiti ambassador to the United States. She was coached by the US public relations firm "Hill and Knowlton" to give persuasive false testimony. And she turned out to be terrific actress on debut.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html



Before WW1 Germany struck a deal with the Ottoman Empire to build a railway from Berlin to Baghdad. Rothschild got alarmed with this agreement, as it would provide direct German access to the Middle East oil, bypassing the Suez Canal controlled by the British.

Britain had earlier precluded extension of the railway to the Persian Gulf by secretly concluding an agreement with the crypto Jew Al Sabah clan, of Kuwait ( related to Al Saud through the Jewish  Anza tribe), to establish Kuwait as a “British protectorate”, thus effectively sealing it off from the Ottoman Empire.


For people who get carried away by Zakir Naik’s exaggeration of ancient Bedoiun culture and knowledge,  I ask them to read  Muqaddimah of Ibn Khaldun ( 1377 )  in which he describes the Arab bedouins as destructive, lacking any sense of morality or values, and working only to destroy culture and world order. 


Or you can read read Fouad Ajami's 1998 book, The Dream Palace of the Arabs: A Generation's Odyssey, with its painful criticism of the pitiful Arab, whose inherent culture left him no shred of sincerity, creativity or courage.



Whatever  knowledge Arabs have is from Kerala – translated to Arabic knowledge sold in gold.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2010/12/perfect-six-pack-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



In Calicut we know who Arab desert bedouins are --  much more than any western R historian or Zakir Naik's  pathetic BULLSHIT. 

About how-


AL BULL BURR invented math

AL GURR BULL invented chemistry  

AL PRRR BULL discovered astronomy 

AL BRRR TRRRR invented medicine ( in the sands)  ..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/ibn-battuta-at-calicut-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/chinese-admiral-zheng-he-in-calicut.html



In India we know of Sir Henry Mc Mohan .

McMahon is best known for the McMahon-Hussein Correspondence, as well as the McMahon Line between Tibet and India.

The McMahon Line is a line agreed to by Britain and Tibet as part of the Simla Accord, a treaty signed in 1914. It is the effective boundary between China and India, although its legal status is disputed by the Chinese government.  

Modi needs to sort out the India China border and engrave it on rock- WIN SOME LOSE SOME.
Rothschild wants India and China to have a full blown war .

In case the Chinese are getting too cocky , they must know in 20 years India will be strong enough to snatch back Mount Kailash and Lake Manasarovar which always belonged to India since antiquity – today Indian Hindu pilgrims need a Chinese visa.


If Chinese get too uppity we will take away Tibet too-  after kicking Chinese prime butt.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/why-india-lost-sino-indian-war-of-1962.html

TODAY WE FIND OUR PM MODI IS SUCKING UP TO ROTHSCHILD –

THE ONLY REASON I CAN THINK OF IS THAT OUR ALICE IN GUJJULAND HAS A PATHOLOGICAL NEED FOR A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE – NOW THAT HE HAS GOT A US VISA.

MODI MUST KNOW THAT JEW ROTHSCHILD DOES NOT HONOUR ANY WORD OR EVEN A SIGNED INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENT.

THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF EXAMPLES IN THE PAST 300 YEARS .


However let me write down an example relevant to this post.

The Zionist claim to Palestine has always rested upon Balfour's letter of November 2, 1917 promising British support for a "National home for the Jewish people" in Palestine.  

This was a BULLSHIT letter written by ROTHSCHILD TO ROTHSCHILD , ( which Jew Winston Churchill used as his personal constitution )  issued nearly two years after Sir Henry McMahon's pledge of October 25, 1915.

ROTHSCHILD HAD MADE A SOLEMN WRITTEN PROMISE TO THE ARAB MUSLIMS UNDER HUSSEIN , THE SHARIF OF MECCA .

The promise was contained in a letter dated 24th October 1915, from Sir Henry McMahon, to the Hussein Sharif of Mecca in what later became known as the McMahon – Hussein correspondence. 

This correspondence clearly promised the Muslim Arabs their own state stretching from Damascus to the Arabian peninsula in return for fighting against the Muslim Ottoman Empire.

Even before McMahon’s letter, Lord Kitchener (who was minister of war in the British cabinet) had already promised Hussein that, if he would come out against Turkey, Britain would guarantee his retention of the title of Grand Sharif and defend him against external aggression.   

It promised that if the Sharif were declared caliph he would have Britain’s support, and it included a general promise to help the Arabs to obtain their freedom.

Sharif Hussein ibn Ali of the Hashemite family, the Sharif of Mecca in return in the summer of 1915 hatched the idea of overthrowing the Ottoman Empire with great enthusiasm . He had NO idea that Rothschild was making a CHOOT out of him..

Sir Arthur Henry McMahon, the British high commissioner in Egypt, accepted Hussein’s vision of an Arab successor empire and facilitated the revolt that began in June 1916. Rather Hussein and party were mere fronts to secure the Muslim population support . Rothschild would do the necessary in terms of military logistics.



In 1915 Britain promised Hussein, the Sharif of Mecca, in  WRITING that it would support an independent Arab kingdom under his rule in return for his mounting an Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire, Germany’s ally in the war.  

Below: On 27th June 1916 Sharif Hussein bin Ali, Emir of Mecca, issued a proclamation in which he announced himself, as a direct descendant of the Prophet Mohammed . Today the crypto Jew Al Saud bloodline are CREATING FAKE HISTORY and inserting their names instead.



The Sharif of Mecca Hussein  formally declared a revolt against Ottoman rule in 1916.  Rothschild “Britain” provided supplies and money for the Arab forces led by the Sharif’s sons, Abdullah and Faisal.

British military advisers were also detailed from Cairo to assist the Arab army that the brothers were organizing.  T.E. Lawrence would become the best known of these.  




Thus, immoral JEW Rothschild made contradictory promises to his erstwhile allies and surreptitiously carving up lands he had not even conquered—  deals that went against the solemn promises McMahon made( on behalf of Jew Rothschild )  to Hussein in their 1915–1916 correspondence.


Below: Funeral of HM King Hussein bin Ali, King of Hejaz & Sharif of Mecca in Jerusalem, Palestine -  1931



Sir Mark Sykes and Charles Picot during World War I negotiated the Sykes-Picot Agreement.  This set out the British-French colonial spheres in the Middle East.  The Agreement signed in 1916 essentially divided the Middle East which had been dominated by the Ottoman Empire into areas of influence for France, Britain and others.



The French would seize control over much of the Levant, Syria and Lebanon. Most of Palestine was to have been under international control. Though the wording of the agreement mentions the possibility of cessions by either side to an Arab state. 

Below:  Dont get fooled Britain and France were Rothschild brothers and Russia was Rothschild's RED Bolsheviks.



The Agreement stirred up a controversy for a variety of reasons. It meant that Rothschild “Britain” was not honoring the promises Sir Henry McMahon made to to Sheriff Hussayn (1915)- and thus made a CHOOT out of him.

Below:  Francois Georges-Picot and Mark Sykes.



The Sykes-Picot agreement specifically excluded the districts 'west of the districts of Damascus, Homs, Hama and Aleppo' as listed in the Hussain-McMahon agreement, extending the line south so that Palestine was excluded from Arab control.  The Sykes Picot Areement also excluded two substantial areas that would be under direct Rothschild (British and French control).



The McMahon-Hussein Agreement directly clashed with the Balfour Declaration of 1917. This is the value of Jew Rothschild’s word !

Rothschild created , funded and controlled League of Nations gave Palestine to the British to govern as a mandate.  Muslim Palestinians were left high and dry – BETRAYAL OF  TRUST the highest order .


Jews now started pouring into Palestine transported and funded by Rothschild crying BALFOUR DECLARATION KI JAI !.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html




The Quraysh were a rich and powerful PAGAN  merchant tribe that controlled Mecca oasis .

The Islamic prophet, Muhammad was born into the Banu Hashim clan of the Quraysh tribe. Access  to the PAGAN  idol was controlled by the Quraysh tribe .

Muhammad in 630 CE, he removed all idols of  pagan ( Hindu ) gods from the temple at Mecca oasis.

Pagan Arabs in Mecca worshipped Shiva with a crescent moon on his head ( Kaabaliswara ), which the Rothschild historians call moon god( Hubal  .  Hubal ( Shiva ) was the Lord of the Kabah, represented by A BLACK METEORIC STONE ( Shiva Lingam ) being the highest ranking god of the 360 gods worshipped in the Kabah.

Namboodiri Mohammad ( of Namboodiri Maha Madam ) propounded Allah as god which cannot be picked up by the 5 human senses .   This is the same ADVAITA as what Namboodiri Adi Shankaracharya propounded in 2000 BC .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/advaita-vedanta-philosophy-adi.html

AL AH is the BEEH MANTRA of Sahasrara chakra.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/beej-mantra-anuswaram-nasal-sound.html


OM is represented by 786 - when you write the symbol OM and show it in the mirror read from right to left as 786 --  a number found on the cover of the Koran in Indian subcontinent and even in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia etc..




Mohammad smashed up the idols on a mission to UNITE all pagan races worshipping different idols and hence were at loggerheads for flimsy reasons.  Like how today Shia fights with Sunni for FALTHU reasons ( hidden wedges driven by Jews ).



Ibn al-Kalbi, one of the most important Arabic historians, said: The tribe of Quraish was a gathering of different families, all related to each other through MATRIARCHAL  lines, the tribe of Quraish would have been like the tribe of Judah, from which King David descended.





Below: Hind bint ‘Utbah was the wife of Abu Sufyan ibn Harb, a powerful Pagan man of Mecca.   Both Abu Sufyan and Hind originally opposed Muhammad before their conversion to Islam.



Below: The Battle of Uhud  was fought on Saturday, March 19, 625 at the valley located in front of Mount Uhud, in northwestern Arabia.  It occurred between a force from the Muslim community of Medina led by the prophet Muhammad, and a force led by pagan Abu Sufyan ibn Harb from Mecca. Many Muslims were killed, and even the Prophet himself was badly injured.   The battle was lost and the Muslims had to withdraw up the slopes of ‘Uḥud.  The pagan Meccans did not pursue, but marched back to Mecca declaring victory.




Below: Islam is NOT ready to learn long established truths by Rothschild's Jews  - my lips are sealed !



Below :Muhammad's wives 



Sanatan Putra
May 8, 2015 at 2:05 AM
https://youtu.be/9d9bPEkX4Mw?t=12m40s

watch at 12:40 on Homosexuality Swami Ramdev probably exposed Sri Sri Ravishankar without taking his name.. please check..

ReplyDelete
Replies
##################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
May 8, 2015 at 4:42 AM
hi sp,

why cant baba ramdev tell the truth ?

i supported TRIPLE SRI till the second i heard him telling on NDTV ( prime time ) that lord ayyappa , (the 9th avatar of lord vishnu) is the product of a HOMOSEXUAL UNION between lord shiva and lord vishnu-- as written in wikipedia.

mind you this man reads my blog posts --for he ran to iraq to meet the yazidis and consolidate himslef..

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WAS THE FIRST TO WRITE ABOUT THE CONNECTION BETWEEN YAZIDIS OF IRAQ AND LORD MURUGAN ( KARTIKEYAN/ SUBRAMANYAN ) THE SON OF LORD SHIVA ( AND PARVATI ) , THE IDOL AT PALANI TEMPLE IN DINDIGUL DISTRICT OF TAMIL NADU.

KING CHERAMAN PERUMAL OF CALICUT WHO MET MOHAMMAD IN MECCA AND WHO ALLOWED MOHAMMAD TO OPEN HIS SECOND MOSQUE ON THIS PLANET AT KODUNGALLUR ( WHERE KORAN WAS EDITED )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/the-yazidis-of-iraq-ethnic-cleansing-by.html

THIS BLOGSITE HAS NOT TRASHED TRIPLE SRI INTO THE GARBAGE BIN OF THIS PLANET YET. HE WAS VERY UPSET THAT US PRESIDENT OBAMA DID NOT MEET HIM -    

TEE HEEE !

WHY SHOULD HINDU GURUS HAVE SUCH A HUGE EGO ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..

#######################
WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW TO KNOW HOW ROTHSCHILD SCREWED THE ENTIRE DENIZENS OF THE MIDDLE EAST BY USING HIS PUPPET CRYPTO JEW ROYAL BLOODLINES .   



TODAY ISLAMIC TERRORISM ( LEADERSHIP ) IS ENTIRELY JEWISH FUNDED MAKING THIS PLANET HATE ISLAM .   






ROTHSCHILD MONOPOLISED MEDIA CONVERTS SUNRISE TO SUNSET -  THANK GOD FOR THE SOCIAL MEDIA ( KALKI AVATAR ) 


KHALISTANIS / LTTE CADRE NEVER KNEW THAT THEIR LEADERS WERE ON ZIONIST PAYROLL .




AS SOON AS MODI CAME TO POWER ,  IN THE FIRST 10 MONTHS ITSELF HE HAS MADE LANGOT YAARS OUT OF ALL ZIONISTS /  CRYPTO JEWS WHO CONTROL THIS PLANET ON BEHALF OF ROTHSCHILD - OBAMA, NETANYAHU, ABBOT, MERKEL, HOLLANDE, CAMEROON, HARPER  etc  .  


Muhammad ibn ʿAbd al-Wahhab ( 1703 – 1792) was a preacher and scholar from Nejd in central Arabia who founded an Islamic movement today often known as WAHHABISM , -- also known as  SALAFISM.

Muhammad bin Saud who established the first Al Saud state had a pact with Muhammad ibn ʿAbd al-Wahhab had a dynastic alliance and power-sharing arrangement between their families which continues to the present day in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia—PRESERVED BY JEWS .

Muhammad ibn ʿAbd al-Wahhab’s own blood brother  Sulayman, was vehemently against him calling his own brother a fanatic.

A declassified General Military Intelligence Directorate report (  2002 )- “The Emergence of Wahhabism and its Historical Roots”, reveals that Saddam Hussain was aware of the nefarious purposes of the Wahhabis of Saudi Arabia,(  Salafis ), in serving Jewish interests to undermine Islam.

D. Mustafa Turan wrote, in THE DONMEH JEWS , that Muhammad ibn Abdul Wahhab was a descendant of a family of Donmeh Jews from Turkey.   The Donmeh were descendants of followers of the infamous false-messiah of Judaism, Shabbetai Zevi.


There is NO need to argue—just take a strand of hair or even saliva from a cup of tea and do a DNA test . Mind you, this has been done in the JOSHUA PROJECT.

Crypto Jew Hosni Mubarak ruled Egypt for 30 long years.   His wife Suzanne Mubarak had a Jewish mother  Lily May Palmer ( Marie Peiser ).


In 1973, R made fighter jet pilot Mubarak a national hero ( like Churchill/ Stalin/ Gandhi etc ) when the Egyptian Air Force launched a aerial attack on Israeli soldiers at the Suez Canal.  

Rothschild media went GA GA about Mubarak as a brave Muslim who can take on Jews any day -- though he did nothing special.



Below: Rothschild's Nobel Peace Prize material











It was Rothschild who made Mubarak Vice President under Anwar Sadat ( 6 years )

Jehan Safwat Raouf the WHITE wife of Anwar Sadat was the daughter of a white Jewess Gladys Henry Cotteril . 

It was Rothschild media who made a great hero of Anwar Sadat for fighting against Rothschild . 

TEE HEEE !  

Jehan was pushed into Anwar Sadat’s arms at the age of 15.  

R would support Anwar Sadat’s ( CIA and Rothschild's PROJECT FAT FUCKER  )sponsored Free Officers Movement and carry out the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 which overthrew the monarchy of Egypt.


Anwar Sadat overthrew Farouk I of Egypt who was the tenth ruler from the Muhammad Ali Dynasty and the last King of Egypt and the Sudan.  Today Rothschild is sucking the oil and minerals in South Sudan dry.

Mind you,  Farouk’s sister Princess Fawzia Fuad was the Queen of Iran, the first  wife of  R stooge  Shah of Iran Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.

King Farouk’s second wife was a 16 year old crypto Jewess Nariman Sadiq nick named "Cinderella of the Nile".  She was thrust into his arms as a wife who could give him many sons.   R knew every secret of Egypt from this Queen.  

After Farouk 1 was kicked out they made his Jew FIVE MONTH OLD BABY SON the interim Egyptian king for 11 months till 18th June 1953 —such is the irony.


In 1976, this deposed BABY KING , now 24 would marry a 28 year old Jewess Dominique-France Picard  who would then assume  the title Queen Fadila of Egypt. 

TEE HEEEE !

Prophet Mohammad’s first follower was a Namboodiri named Malik Deenar (died 648 ).  

Malik Deenar came to Kerala and was involved in editing the Koran at Kodungallur Cheraman Perumal mosque- an excellent book of faith .  The modern Koran is NOT the same as this . 

Malik Deenar also met his Namboodiri uncle at Kodungallur-- the cultural centre of Calicut King -which was also an ancient university where Jesus Christ studied for 3 years .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html



Malik Deenar’s dargah is at Thalangara Kasargod Kerala.   



This Jama Masjid ( Malik Deenar mosque ) at Kasargod was also a Shiva temple converted to a mosque , as allowed by the deceased King of Calicut Cheraman Perumal.  




Malik Deenar was sitting with Muhammad and King Cheraman Perumal at Mecca enjoying ginger pickle from Calicut

Below: The ancient Shiva temple pond 


Below: Malik Deenar mosque interior--  at Kasargod - India's second mosque.




HINDUS ( pagans ) IN THE ARABIAN DESERT WAS UNDER ATTACK .  

NEVER MIND THE FALSE HOOD  THE ROTHSCHILD HISTORIANS HAVE COOKED UP .

THE CALICUT KING WENT ALL THE WAY TO MECCA TO MEET NAMBOODIRI MUHAMMAD AND CONVERTED TO ISLAM.

THE KING CHERAMAN PERUMAL BECAME A MARTYR , SO THAT THESE FOREIGN HINDUS WORSHIPING DIFFERENT IDOLS CAN UNITE AND SURVIVE  . 

HINDU MEN WERE GETTING KILLED AND HINDU WIDOW WOMEN AND THEIR YOUNG DAUGHTERS WERE BEING CARRIED AWAY AS PROSTITUTES BY JEW AND CHRISTIAN BEDOUINS.  

VEGETARIANISM WAS NOT WORKING IN THE HARSH DESERT . 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/cultural-wisdom-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

THESE PAGAN HINDUS WERE SUBJECT TO DAILY MURDEROUS  DECEIT WITHOUT HONOUR ,  FROM JEWS AND CHRISTIANS CLANS IN THE ARABIAN DESERT.

HINDUSIM ALLOWED ISLAM TO CREATE AND FLOURISH  –

THE HINDU CALICUT KING CHERAMAN PERUMAL ALLOWED TWO SHIVA MOSQUES IN HIS KINGDOM TO BE THE FIRST TWO MOSQUES IN INDIA.



CHERAMAN PERUMAL MOSQUE IN KODUNGALLUR WAS THE SECOND MOSQUE ON THIS PLANET. 

MOHAMMAD THE PROPHET DIED 3 YEARS AFTER THIS SHIVA TEMPLE AT KODUNGALLUR WAS CONVERTED TO A MOSQUE.  

TODAY MUSLIMS ARE KILLING HINDUS OVER A BABRI MASJID -  WHERE IS THE GRATITUDE ?  

LET NOT PAKISTANIS , BANGLADESIS , KASHMIRIS AND HYDERABADI OWAISIS THINK THAT THEY ARE THE CUSTODIANS OF ISLAM IN INDIA.

MALAYALIS ARE THE FIRST MUSLIMS IN INDIA - ARAB SPICE BROKERS WHO TOOK WIVES IN INDIA -MAPPILAS.  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/babri-masjid-demolition-mughal-emperor.html

THE KING DIED ON THE WAY BACK FROM MECCA TO CALICUT AT SALALAH ( OMAN )



THE MALIK DEENAR MOSQUE WAS THE SECOND MOSQUE IN INDIA .
  
TODAY ISLAM WANTS TO UPROOT THEIR MOTHER RELIGION HINDUISM .
  
TOP ISLAMIC LEADERS TODAY ARE IN THE PAYROLL OF JEWS . 


SUCH IS THE IRONY !



WHEN AN INDIAN HINDU AND AN INDIAN MUSLIM FIGHTS,  WHO GAINS ? 

WHEN WILL OUR JEW DARLING MODI UNDERSTAND ALL THIS ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html


WHY HAS PM MODI ALLOWED “VISA ON ARRIVAL”TO NATIONS WHO DO NOT RECIPROCATE ?

IS BHARATMATA A BEGGAR WOMAN WITHOUT HONOUR , TO BE SUBJECTED TO PATHETIC ACHCHE DIN MODI DOCTRINE  ?

Does Modi know that thousands of Wahabi preachers ( sponsored by Saudi  Arabia ) have come to India with the sole aim of brainwashing young Indian Muslims?

They give grants of money to Madrassas and to Tablighi Jamaats - and hence are covered in a veil of secrecy.

IB officials say that apart from the Tablighi Jamaat invitations to such scholars preaching Wahabi Islam were sent out by other organsations such as the Ahl-e-Hadis and Jamaat Nizamuddin Markaz.

Why is India’s moderate Muslims being subjected to hardcore Islamic teaching by the Modi govt ?

Big money is involved in recruiting suicide bombers , who the lie quiet awaiting activation.

Do we need JEWISH funded Wahabi/ Al Saud scholars visiting India ?


It Was Rothschild who encouraged the Wahabi doctrine in Al Saud dynasty as he wanted control of oil and gas.  Control would be gained by FEAR.

During the time of the Ottoman Empire Sharif of Mecca , Husain was the only legitimate ruler of Arabia.

Rothschild wanted to milk the entire oil  in the middle east . He encouraged the doctrine of fear. Al Saud was told to reach out and spread Wahhabism across the Muslim world ... to "Wahhabise" Islam to crush any form of dissent or cry for democracy when people see their oil getting looted by a white Jew.

 Billions of petro dollars would have to be invested in sustaining the cult of FEAR.


Al Saud dynasty and Rothschild Zionists are dependent on each other till the entire OIL wealth of the Arabian desert is milked dry-- a dependency that has endured since  Abd-al Aziz's meeting with crypto Jew FD Roosevelt on a U.S. warship Quincy (returning the president from the Yalta Conference) until today.





WHEN OIL GETS OVER IN THE MIDDLE EAST THERE WILL BE NO MORE JEW SPONSORED ISLAMIC TERRORISM. 

Below: How many Indian Muslims think that Jew Henry Kissinger is a friend of TRUE Islam ? 



Jew Rothschild sponsored Zionist Wahhabism by Al Saud dynasty is all about billions of petro dollars sunk into practice of FEAR  ideology-- of revolutionary jihad , theological takfiri purification, to a movement of conservative social, political, theological, religious da'wa (Islamic call), to justifying the institution that upholds loyalty to the royal Saudi family and the King's absolute power.

Below: Three Jews- all Rothschild's stooges !



Most educated Internet savvy young Saudis are good Muslims . They cannot utter a word due to fear.  Secret police and spies of Al saud bloodline are lurking everywhere.

Squealers and snitches get good money.



  

Most Saudi citizens are deeply disturbed and dismayed by the radical doctrines of Da'ish (ISIS) -- and are beginning to question some aspects of Saudi Arabia's Zionist sponsored direction and discourse. 
It is a catch 22 situation. Zionist bankers are itching to FREEZE royal bloodline funds.

The Saudi identity pertains directly to Muhammad ibn ʿAbd al-Wahhab (the founder of Wahhabism), and the use to which his radical, exclusionist puritanism was put by Ibn Saud-- raiding Bedouin tribes in the baking and desperately poor , water deprived deserts of the Nejd.


Today Zionists are using ISIS to instill fear - to bring the peoples whom they conquered into terrified submission.

US President Obama is criticizing Modi of illtreating Muslims and Christians . The whole world knows this is a LIE.  But hey, Obama will never tell a world about the oppressive Saudi rule.   Jewish Big Brother who wants the last drop of oil/ gas will get him assassinated. 

Instead of ignoring Obama Modi is justifying like a slave . Sorry Bharatmata does NOT want a Zionist slave on the Indian PM chair.

Abd al-Wahhab's doctrine of "One Ruler, One Authority, One Mosque" -- these three pillars being taken respectively to refer to the Saudi king, the absolute authority of official Wahhabism, and its control of "the word" (i.e. the mosque).

Abd al-Wahhab's advocacy of these ultra radical views inevitably led to his expulsion from his own town -- and in 1741, after some wanderings, he found refuge under the protection of Ibn Saud and his tribe. 

What Ibn Saud perceived in Abd al-Wahhab's novel teaching was the means to overturn Arab tradition and convention. It was a path to seizing power.

The ruler of Saudi Arabia’s name is always preceeded by CUSTODIAN OF THE TWO HOLY MOSQUES.

Ibn Saud and Abd al-Wahhab introduced the idea of martyrdom in the name of jihad, as it granted those martyred immediate entry into paradise. Abd al-Wahhab denounced all Muslims who honored the dead, saints, or angels.  

Wahhabi Islam thus bans any prayer to saints and dead loved ones, pilgrimages to tombs and special mosques, religious festivals celebrating saints, the honoring of the Muslim Prophet Muhammad's birthday, and even prohibits the use of gravestones when burying the dead. All this behavior, Abd al-Wahhab denounced as bida -- forbidden by God.

Abd al-Wahhab by their honoring of saints, by their erecting of tombstones, and their "superstition" (e.g. revering graves or places that were deemed particularly imbued with the divine). "Those who would not conform to this view should be killed, their wives and daughters violated, and their possessions confiscated, he wrote. "

Abd al-Wahhab demanded conformity --. He argued that all Muslims must individually pledge their allegiance to a single Muslim leader (a Caliph, if there were one). The list of apostates meriting death included the Shiite, Sufis and other Muslim denominations, whom Abd al-Wahhab did not consider to be Muslim at all.

Ibn Saud's clan, seizing on Abd al-Wahhab's doctrine, now could do what they always did, which was raiding neighboring villages and robbing them of their possessions. Only now they were doing it not within the ambit of Arab tradition, but rather under the banner of jihad.

In the beginning, they conquered a few local communities and imposed their rule over them. (The conquered inhabitants were given a limited choice: conversion to Wahhabism or death.) By 1790, the Alliance controlled most of the Arabian Peninsula and repeatedly raided Medina, Syria and Iraq.

Their strategy -- like that of ISIS today -- was to bring the peoples whom they conquered into submission. They aimed to instill fear. In 1801, the Allies attacked the Holy City of Karbala in Iraq. 

They massacred thousands of Shiites, including women and children. Many Shiite shrines were destroyed, including the shrine of Imam Hussein, the murdered grandson of Prophet Muhammad.

"They pillaged the whole of it [Karbala], and plundered the Tomb of Hussein... slaying in the course of the day, with circumstances of peculiar cruelty, above five thousand of the inhabitants ..."

Ibn Saud committed a massacre in Karbala in 1801. He proudly documented that massacre saying, "we took Karbala and slaughtered and took its people (as slaves), then praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds, and we do not apologize for that and say: 'And to the unbelievers: the same treatment.'"

The Wahhabi sack of Karbala occurred in 21st of April 1802 (1216 Hijri), under the rule of Abdul-Aziz bin Muhammad the second ruler of the First Saudi State, killing above 5000 of the inhabitants and plundered the tombs of Husayn ibn Ali (grandson of Muhammad) and Ali bin Abu Talib (the son-in-law of Muhammad) were destroyed.

In 1803, Abdul Aziz then entered the Holy City of Mecca, which surrendered under the impact of terror and panic (the same fate was to befall Medina, too). Abd al-Wahhab's followers demolished historical monuments and all the tombs and shrines in their midst. By the end, they had destroyed centuries of Islamic architecture near the Grand Mosque.

But in November of 1803, a Shiite assassin killed King Abdul Aziz (taking revenge for the massacre at Karbala). His son, Saud bin Abd al Aziz, succeeded him and continued the conquest of Arabia. Ottoman rulers, however, could no longer just sit back and watch as their empire was devoured piece by piece. 

In 1812, the Ottoman army, composed of Egyptians, pushed the Alliance out from Medina, Jeddah and Mecca. In 1814, Saud bin Abd al Aziz died of fever. 

His unfortunate son Abdullah bin Saud, however, was taken by the Ottomans to Istanbul, where he was gruesomely executed (a visitor to Istanbul reported seeing him having been humiliated in the streets of Istanbul for three days, then hanged and beheaded, his severed head fired from a canon, and his heart cut out and impaled on his body).

In 1815, Wahhabi forces were crushed by the Egyptians (acting on the Ottoman's behalf) in a decisive battle. In 1818, the Ottomans captured and destroyed the Wahhabi capital of Dariyah. The first Saudi state was no more. The few remaining Wahhabis withdrew into the desert to regroup, and there they remained, quiescent for most of the 19th century.

The Al Saud -- in this 20th century renaissance -- were led by the laconic and politically astute Abd-al Aziz, who, on uniting the fractious Bedouin tribes, launched the Saudi "Ikhwan" in the spirit of Abd-al Wahhab's and Ibn Saud's earlier fighting proselytisers.

The Ikhwan‎, (The) Brethren), was a Wahhabi religious militia made up of traditionally nomadic tribesmen which formed a significant military force of the ruler Ibn Saud and played an important role in establishing him as ruler of most of the Arabian Peninsula in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 

Insurgents who participated in the 1979 Grand Mosque Seizure in Mecca referred to themselves as the 'al-Ikhwan'. They were led by Juhayman al-Otaybi, the grandson of the Ikhwan leader Sultan bin Bajad Al-Otaibi.

The growing conflict between the Shia and Sunni sects across the world is a direct result of the increasing influence of Wahhabism.

The Ikhwan was a reincarnation of the early, fierce, semi-independent vanguard movement of committed armed Wahhabist "moralists" who almost had succeeded in seizing Arabia by the early 1800s.  In the same manner as earlier, the Ikhwan again succeeded in capturing Mecca, Medina and Jeddah between 1914 and 1926.



Ramadhan is RAMA DYAN
Kaaba is Kaabalishwara ( Shiva )
786 is OM.
AL AH is the Sahasrara chakra Beej Mantra.
ISLAM -  Isa ( Shiva ) Alayam ( abode)

Namaz is a 6000 year old Ayurvedic yogic posture to surcharge the anus with oxygen and the best way to eliminate undigested meat created PIN WORMS which deprive REM sleep ( sleep repair of brain and body ) and make you mentally and physically sluggish. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/sleep-paralysis-and-sinister-presence.html

###############
April
December 18, 2013 at 5:57 PM
That was what I was wondering.  Perhaps the appendix and its location has a special method of diffusion by being all alone there or perhaps a different blood supply. I never really looked into it.

ReplyDelete
Replies

################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

December 18, 2013 at 7:32 PM
hi a,

mohammed the prophet was an indian namboodiri brahmin , whose family were caretakers of the antique shiva temple at mecca oasis for thousands of years.

he introduced NAMAAZ prayer by bending down and putting the forhead on the ground.

you must try this on the bed -leave your anal spincter muscles loose.

so do this experiment:-

eat plenty of beef --say TWO full kilos-- like how the desert Bedouins did when they killed a camel ( no fridge ).

your stomach will be so heavy as ANAEROBIC BACTERIA will struggle to handle this load. these bacteria survive on methane and die in oxygen.

full night you will fart. and you will be constipated .( there is NO water or vegetable fibre in the desert )

after a week try another experiment.

eat the same load and then do namaz 5 times a day.

you intake and surcharge oxygen via your anus -- AEROBIC BACTERA now will assist . aerobic bacteria survives in oxygen and dies in methane.

not only that the pin worms will NOT come out of the anus to lay eggs in oxygen rich environment--and you will have good sleep.

more bedoiuns died on pin worms than any other disease.

this OXYGEN SURCHARGE VIA ANUS is a 6000 year old ayurvedic remedy.

capt ajit vadakayil..

ReplyDelete
######################

Before Namaz it was compulsory to wash .

Muhammad eliminated pork which causes brain disease and GUT disease.  All diseases originate in the gut.

IN THE DESERT PIGS SURVIVE ON HUMAN EXCRETA .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/of-pork-and-pigs-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


#######################
nitz arg
February 23, 2015 at 6:38 PM
Greetings Captain.

It seems Murli Manohar Joshi reads your blog, he is saying that Muhammad used to be a yogi and namaaz is actually a yoga asan.

Nobody except you has claimed that.

This shows what a commendable reach your blog has. And sooner or later, the leaders of Bharat will have to accept this blogsite as a tool to enlighten the world.

I wish to almighty to give More power to you and to truth.

Delete
#############################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
February 23, 2015 at 9:02 PM
hi na,

yes , namaaz gets rid of the pin worms of the anus -

BUT

when you ground your head- it must be done on an insulating pad.

when you earth your head - the AURA OF THE HEAD DISAPPEARS - by a kirlean camera .

while meditating Hinduism requires you to sit on an insulating kusha grass mat - to retain the aura . all holy men are shown with an aura around the head like a moon.

when you put your forehead and earths it- your aura disappears.

THIS IS WHY MUSLIMS COME OUT OF THE MOSQUE AFTER FRIDAY PRAYERS - AS A DANGEROUS MOB .

muslims must note that while doing namaaz to put the forehead on an insulating mat -.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/cracked-heels-and-prayer-marks-capt.html

capt ajit vadakayil

..


############################## 

WHEN YOU EAT PLENTY SEMI COOKED HEAVY RED MEAT  - BE CAREFUL. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/human-appendix-misunderstood-organ-capt.html




Abū Ṭālib ibn ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib( 539 – 619) was the Namboodiri uncle of Muhammad and chief priest of Mecca Shiva temple and respected  leader of the Banu Hashim, a clan of the pagan Hindu Quraysh tribe of Mecca .


 Abu Talib was known for his wisdom .



Abu Talib did NOT convert to Islam despite Muhammad’s best efforts .   Both uncle and nephew loved each other dearly.


Abū Ṭālib was a brother of Muhammad's father, 'Abdullāh ibn Abdul-Muttalib, who had died before Muhammad's birth.



The Hindu Quraysh elicited the support of other Hindu tribes to boycott trading with or marrying members of the Banu Hashim lineage. 




This boycott started seven years after Muhammad first received revelation and lasted for three years.



Abū Ṭālib's died in 619, at more than 80 years of age. Muhammad was protected for 42 years by his Namboodiri uncle Abu Talib, a powerful Brahmin who never accepted Islam.




Abu Talib was married to Fatimah bint Asad. 


They had four sons and two daughters.



After Aminah's death when Muhammad  was six, he was taken care of by his Namboodiri grandfather, `Abdul Muttalib.  


After Namboodiri Hindu `Abdul Muttalib's death when Muhammad was eight years old, his uncle, Abu Talib, became his guardian.  



Abu Talib used to take Muhammad on his mercantile Spice trips to as far as Syria to Oman .  At the deathbed of Abu Talib, Muhammad urged his uncle to confesse to Allah, even though deathbed confession is not acceptable in Islam.  

Abu Talib died a pagan Hindu .

Abu Bakr was the the father-in-law of prophet Muhammad. 

He became the first Muslim Caliph following Muhammad's death.   Abu Bakr was born in Mecca some time in 573, to a very rich spice trade Hindu family in the Banu Taym, clan of the Quraysh tribe.


Here is poison injected by the Jews for the Wahabbis.


QUOTE:  Abu Bakr’s father took him to the Kaaba, and asked him to pray before the idols. His father went away to attend to some other business, and Abu Bakr was left alone with the idols. Addressing an idol, Abu Bakr said "O my God, I am in need of beautiful clothes; bestow them on me". The idol remained indifferent. Then he addressed another idol saying "O God, give me some delicious food. See that I am so hungry". The idol remained cold. That exhausted the patience of young Abu Bakr. He lifted a stone, and addressing an idol said "Here I am aiming a stone; if you are a god protect yourself". Abu Bakr hurled the stone at the idol and left the Kaaba. Thereafter, he never went to the Kaaba to pray to the idols.: UNQUOTE

Below: USA criticised Libya for human rights-- Gaddafi ruled well , people were happy and prosperous .  I have been to Libya -- I know .



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/ethnic-cleansing-of-blackskinned-people.html

JEWISH FUNDED AND ARMED MERCENARIES BROUGHT DOWN GADDAFI


 Let me quote Wikipedia:

QUOTE: The death penalty can be imposed for a wide range of offences[5] including murder, rape, false prophecy, blasphemy, armed robbery, repeated drug use, apostasy,[6] adultery,[7] witchcraft and sorcery[8] and can be carried out by beheading with a sword,[9] or more rarely by firing squad, and sometimes by stoning.

The 345 reported executions between 2007 and 2010 were all carried out by public beheading.[10] The last reported execution for sorcery took place in August 2014.

People convicted of treason can be sentenced to death, as with many other countries. It is worthy to note that proselytizing by non-Muslims, including the distribution of non-Muslim religious materials such as Bibles, is illegal. Saudi Arabia has just recently passed a law recommending the death penalty for anyone caught carrying or smuggling a bible into the country.[21][22]

Saudi law allows the death penalty for many crimes. For example:

Adultery (Unmarried adulterers can be sentenced to 100 lashes, married ones can be sentenced to stoning.)
Apostasy (Apostates are sentenced to beheading but are usually given three days to repent and return to Islam.)
Armed robbery
Blasphemy
Burglary
Carjacking
Aircraft hijacking
Drug smuggling
Fornication
Home invasion
Sodomy, homosexuality, or lesbianism (If a man or woman is sodomized by their own consent, then they will also be sentenced to death along with the sodomizer)
Idolatry
Murder
Rape
Sedition
Sexual misconduct
Sorcery
Terrorism
Theft (fourth conviction)
Treason
Waging war on God
Witchcraft


In January 2013 a Sri Lankan maid named Rizana Nafeek was beheaded after she was convicted of murdering a child under her care, an occurrence which she attributed to the infant choking. The execution drew international condemnation of the government's practises,[33] and led Sri Lanka to recall its ambassador.[34] These are not isolated cases. According to figures by Amnesty International, in 2010 at least 27 migrant workers were executed and, as of January 2013, more than 45 foreign maids were on death row awaiting execution.[35]

[1UNQUOTE 





Below: Zionists arm ISIS , who eats Syrian soldiers hearts 




Below:  Almost ALL attacks on places of worship of Muslims and Christians in India are FALSE FLAG  attacks by foreign Zionists using their NGOs and propaganda by USEFUL IDIOTS ( retired Christian DGP police  / retired Christian Navy admirals/  TOP Muslim politicians- Imams on payroll )  . 

They Zionists do NOT want black skinned India to be No 1 superpower on this planet.  

India is well on course - even if a stone is kept on the PMs chair, we will reach No 1 spot with ease.. 

EVEN OUR PM MODI IS CAUGHT IN THE JEWISH CHAKRAVYUH



By the way the CHAKRAVYUH of Mahabharata war is NOT a maze where you cant come out once you get in.  


Chakravyuh is a terrific rotating circle formation of many circles , where it destroys like a hurricane- you get SUCKED INTO THE HUMAN VORTEX.. and chopped into bleeding meat mince . 

This is a war which took place in 4000 BC.   According to Rothschild historians stone age ended in 3300 BC-- why because the BIG BANG was in 4004 BC - TEEE HEEEE - FUCKING CHOOTS !




This fast rotating ring goes clockwise and anticlockwise unlike a tornado with swift and planned change of inner ring formation--

-- and mind you it was NOT allowed to attack from behind. 





Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 9, 2015 at 9:30 AM
STOP PRESS:

THERE ARE LOT OF HARD CORE BANGLADESI MUSLIMS IN KERALA .

I CAN RECOGNISE THEM IN AN INSTANT.

EVERY TIME I SEE ONE- I WILL STAND BEHIND HIM AND SING A SONG SOFTLY

THIS SONG WILL BE IGNORED BY ANY MALAYALI

HERE GOES- ( THIS IS FOR OUR INTERNAL SECURITY AGENCIES )

SHOKAALE UTHIYO KXXU

DO HAATHE DARIYO NUNU

THAKHAYILO RXXXXR GUDHE

i am sure my bengali readers have heard of this bengali muslim song.

IF THIS BENGALI INFLUX IS NOT CONTROLLED- ( for vote bank )

KERALA WILL BECOME KASHMIR VERY SOON.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


On July 1,1911, Kaiser Wilhelm, a Rothschild frontman, sent a gunboat called the Panther steaming into the harbor at Agadir, on the Atlantic coast of Morocco. This was a direct challenge to British global positions. By sheer coincidence, immediately after the Agadir crisis, Rothschild protégé Winston Churchill was appointed First Lord of the Admiralty.

The Agadir Crisis was the international tension sparked by the deployment of a substantial force of Rotshchild controlled French troops in the interior of Morocco in April 1911. Germany reacted by sending the gunboat SMS Panther to the Moroccan port of Agadir, on 1 July 1911.  

Rothschild media did endless rabble rousing about the dangers of  Panther's arrival in Morocco. The British Royal Navy had a naval base in Gibraltar, in the south of Spain.  Rothschild media tom tommed that the Germans meant to turn Agadir into a naval base on the Atlantic. 

In the midst of this crisis, Germany was hit by financial turmoil. The stock market plunged by 30 percent in a single day , manipulated by French Rothschild.  The public started cashing in currency notes for gold and there was a run on the banks. The Reichsbank lost a fifth of its gold reserves in one month.  

Faced with the potential of being driven off the gold standard, the Kaiser backed down and let the French take over most of Morocco. By 4 November 1911 , Franco-German negotiations on the Treaty of Fez had led to a convention under which Germany accepted France's position in Morocco in return for territory in the French Equatorial African colony of Middle Congo (now the Republic of the Congo)

As First Lord of the Admiralty, Churchill vowed to do everything he could to prepare Britain militarily for the “inescapable day of reckoning”. His charge was to ensure that the Royal Navy, the symbol and very embodiment of Britain’s imperial power, was to meet the German “challenge” on the high seas.

Rothschild used this Hegelian Dialectic incident to let  Britain's Home Secretary Jew Winston Churchill to conclude ( via Rothschild’s media ) the Royal Navy must convert its power source from coal to oil, in order to preserve its supremacy.

The crisis led Britain and France( both Rotshchild )  to make a naval agreement where the Royal Navy promised to protect the northern coast of France from German attack, while France concentrated her fleet in the western Mediterranean and agreed to protect British interests there.  

France was thus able to guard her communications with her North African colonies, and Britain to concentrate more force in home waters to oppose the German High Seas Fleet.

In modern Germany, the Agadir Crisis remains the best known example of gunboat diplomacy. The "Panther's jump" (Panthersprung) has become a popular figure of speech for any demonstration of power, especially an unnecessary one

To meet the necessity of securing foreign sources of oil, puppet regimes would be established in countries like Persia, later to be named Iran. To meet Churchill’s call for variety, the oil of Mesopotamia would be secured as well, although not as easily as Persia. 

To achieve this aim, the Ottoman Empire would first have to be dismantled. Before that could happen it would have to be conquered. This task would be accomplished by the keepers of the Concert of Europe-the House of Rothschild. The global elitist device that achieved this objective was World War I.

With the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, the huge oil fields of Mesopotamia came under British control. To the victor belong the spoils. Mesopotamia would be divided into a newly designed integrated region whose chief function would be a safe and secure energy supply system. This system would be comprised of new states, carefully designed in a balance of power fashion to insure steady flow of the precious oil beneath the ground. 

Designed by Rothschild, these new states were named Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Kuwait. Puppet-kings would be installed, and they would be manipulated by British agents such as T.E.Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), and St. John Philby.  

John Philby, was a Rothschild agent who converted to Wahhabi Islam . He  married an Arab Jewish woman from Saudi Arabia and would wear Arab clothes.   Rothschild agent Gertrude Bell of the British Military Intelligence Department was his first controller and taught him the finer arts of DOUBLE AGENT espionage.   

Philby secretly began to favour Ibn Saud over Sherif Hussein as "King of the Arabs", a difference with the official British policy, which was promising support for the Hashemite dynasty in the post-Ottoman world.

Harry St John Bridger Philby was the classmate of Nehru in Cambridge. 

In November 1921, DOUBLE AGENT Philby (below)  was named chief head of the Secret Service for the British Mandate of Palestine   



He became Ibn Saud's chief adviser in dealing with the British Rothschild.  By 1917, the Al Saud  ruler was receiving more than 6000 British pounds a month from Rothschild.   A grateful Rothschild awarded Philby the Royal Geographical Society Founder's Gold Medal.

At the end of 1922, Philby travelled to London for extensive meetings with parties involved in the Palestine question. They included Winston Churchill, King George, the Prince of Wales,  Rothschild, Wickham Steed, and Chaim Weizmann, the head of the Zionist movement.  

Philby was of the view that both British and the Saud family's interests would be best served by uniting the Arabian peninsula under one government from the Red Sea to the Persian Gulf, with the Saudis supplanting the Hashemites as Islamic "Keepers of the Holy Places" while protecting shipping lanes on the Suez–Aden–Bombay route of the British Empire.

Philby represented Saudi interestsAfter Ibn Saud's death.  In 1953 Philby openly criticised the successor King Saud in a written report, stating that the Al Saud royal family's morals were being picked up "in the gutters of the West". With Jewish DNA what did he expect ?

In the 1930s, Harry St John Philby worked for Standard Oil of California (Socal), helping it get control of oil in Saudi Arabia. Victor Rothschild joined MI5 during the Second World War.

After the liberation of France, Rothschild worked with Dick White, Kim Philby ( Harry’s son )and Malcolm Muggeridge at the MI6 offices established at the Rothschild family mansion in Paris. Edward Heath, in 1970, appointed him head of the government's Central Policy Review Staff. Later Margaret Thatcher appointed Rothschild as her unofficial security adviser.


Harold Adrian Russell "Kim" Philby ( 1912 –1988) was a high-ranking member of Rothschild controlled British intelligence who worked as a double agent before defecting to the Soviet Union in 1963 . kim Philby was born at Ambala in the Punjab, India. . In February 1947, Kim Philby was appointed head of British intelligence for Turkey by Rothschild.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/every-breath-you-take-ill-be-watching.html

The date of its foundation adorns the back of the one US dollar bill: 1776—1st May.  Most people falsely believe that the number 1776 refers to the date of America’s declaration of independence, it is not.

Adam Weishaupt wrote and completed the NEW WORLD ORDER  plan on May 1, 1776 with Rothschild financing.  It was a futuristic plan that would put NWO members over the next century into political power positions.  



Like Gandhi, Tagore was Illuminati :-
YB Yeats wrote this verse for Tagore and Rothschild gave a Nobel Prize.
QUOTE :
Where the world has not been broken up into fragments
By narrow domestic walls
Where words come out from the depth of truth
Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection
Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way
Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit
Where the mind is led forward by thee
Into ever-widening thought and action
Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake
UNQUOTE

On May 1st 1776 the Illuminati was formed in Ingoldstat , Upper Bavaria by Adam Weishaupt.



Rothschild agent and US Treasury Secretary Jew Henry Morganthau had all this  put on the back of the one dollar bill in 1935.   







The front side of the Great Seal, or the Eagle, is well known.  It is used to seal all governmental documents.  The reverse side displays a pyramid, with an eye in the capstone and a Latin inscription around it.  This seems to be a continuation of the Masonic symbolism found on the front.  The number thirteen is displayed prominently, and was thought to have referred to the thirteen colonies. 
However, the number thirteen was a mystical number to the Egyptians and Babylonians, and also the Masons.

There are many 13's in the Great Seal:--
13 stars in the crest
13 stripes and bars in the shield
13 olive leaves
13 olives
13 arrows in the right claw
13 feathers in the arrows
13 letters in "Annuit Coeptis"
13 letters in "E Pluribus Unum"
13 courses of stone in the pyramid
13 X 9 dots in the divisions around the crest



There are 32 long feathers on the right wing which represent the 32 degrees in Scottish Rite Masonry, and there are 33 feathers on the left, which represent the 33 degrees of York Rite Freemasonry. 





The pyramid has thirteen levels, said to represent the 13 bloodlines, and within the capstone is an eye. It is not the eye of God, as we have been taught to believe. 



It stems from Masonic tradition, where it is known as the 'Eye of Horus' (the Sun God) or the 'All-Seeing Eye,' which refers to the protection of Providence "whose eye never slumbers nor sleeps", alluding to the 'Big Brother' system of constant surveillance. To the Illuminati, it represents the eye of Satan, who its members worship.



The pyramid represents the organizational structure of the Illuminati, and the capstone containing the eye represents the House of Rothschild who control the group and have perpetuated the goal of one-world government. 







Some sources claim that on the top level, the 1st block represents the Council of 13 (the 13 most powerful witches), the 2nd block represents the Council of 33 (33 highest ranking Masons in the world), and the 3rd block is the Council of 500 (500 richest people and corporations in the world)


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/worth-more-than-sum-total-of-entire.html




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html



According to the original Treasury Department press release of August 15, 1935, which gave details of the symbol being put on the back of the one dollar bill, said the following: "The eye and triangular glory symbolize an all-seeing Deity. 





The pyramid is the symbol of strength and its unfinished condition denoted the belief of the designers of the Great Seal that there was still work to be done." Notice they said "Deity," and not "God."






The news release indicated that the Latin phrase "Annuit Coeptis" is translated as "he (God) favored our undertakings," and comes from Virgil's 'audacibus annue coeptis' or "favor my daring undertaking," which refers to the 'golden' age during which the 'Saturnian' (Saturn was the father of Osiris) kingdom shall return.



 "Novus Ordo Seclorum" is translated as 'a new order of the ages,' which is taken from Virgil's 'magnus ab integro seclorum nascitur ordo' or "the great series of ages begins anew." To the Illuminati, the combination of these two Latin phrases is translated as: "Announcing the Birth of a New Secular Order."



The date 1776, found at the base of the pyramid in Roman numerals, doesn't refer to July 4th, the date of the country's independence, but May 1st, when the Illuminati was founded. 




May 1st is also an international holiday for all workers, known as May Day, which was established in 1889 at the International Socialist Congress.







The anagram that spells the word M-A-S-O-N  -the reverse side of the Great Seal, which can be found in the Meditation Room of the United Nations, has never been used to seal one document in US history, and it never will, because it is the seal of the Illuminati.




Below:  Who knows next year PM Modi will be hiding like Hillary Clinton enroute Bilderberg -

--  all Zionist leaders are Modi's LANGOT YAARS -- Nobel Peace Prize bhi milenga--  

Bilderberg meri MAAAAAA hai ! 

GM kela , GM Dhal India mein laaunga - Israel se "river interlinking" karvaoonga - Zionist Rafale jet khareedoonga 

OH    BAAAAAAAAAAA --

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html




Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 9, 2015 at 6:59 PM
hi sa,

sanjay gandhi, rajiv gandi and indira gandhi were eliminated by zionists .

the day indira gandhi nationalised the indian banks her fate was fixed.

the zionists used KHALISTANIS as pawns .

the whole sikh movement was instigated and funded by jews .

SIKHS ARE SO NAIVE !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

WHEN GADDAFI WENT AGAINST R -- SEE WHAT HAPPENED.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/ethnic-cleansing-of-blackskinned-people.html

WE FIND STUPID CHRISTIANS TELLING ON TV--IF MODI DOES NOT STOP CHURCH ATTACKS ,WE WILL GO TO UN.

I WILL WRITE ABOUT ROTHSCHILD CREATED AND CONTROLLED UN AND LEAGUE OF NATIONS IN THIS POST ITSELF.

UN WANTS HOMOSEXUALITY AND GAY MARRIAGES IN INDIA.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lihVCIFamb0

LTTE was also a tool to eliminate rajiv gandhi narasimha rao was a zionist darling.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/aidmk-dmk-misplaced-support-for-ltte.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..

THE FREE WORLD HAS A HERO PUTIN -- WHO HAS THE BALLS , THE GAAND MEIN TATTI , AND THE WHEREWITHAL , TO STOP THE MURDEROUS NEW WORLD ORDER --  check out his Harley Davidson bike !.


WHEN VAJPAYEE BURST THE NUCLEAR BOMB, THE WEST WAS SHELL SHOCKED - THAT BHARATMATA CAN KEEP HER SECRETS -  TEE HEEEEEE !




PSSSSSST-  Let all be in fool’s paradise.  India’s Surya II missile can strike further than 16000 km and at a faster speed of 30,000 km / hour speed.( greater than Mach 24.2 )-PSSSSST 







DO YOU WANT HAJAAAR PRIZES ?







THEN MARRY A ROTHSCHILD WOMAN?




CHECK OUT THE PRIZES YOU CAN WRANGLE, BELOW -


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/nobel-prize-amartya-sen-kofi-annan-and.html

Below: JEE HUZOOOR , I will open bank account for every Indian -- preferably in a Rothschild controlled bank ! 



Below: STANDING GUARD WHILE ZIONISTS STEAL 










http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html

















BELOW:  INDIAN SOLDIERS STANDING GUARD WHILE ZIONISTS STEAL FROM SOUTH SUDAN 





Below: INDIAN SOLDIERS SIGNED UP TO PROTECT THEIR WATAN,   NOT TO STAND GUARD WHILE SOME JEWISH LANGOT YAAR OF THE INDIAN PM STEALS FROM SOME FOREIGN THIRD WORLD NATION








I HAVE BEEN TO ALL OF EUROPE AND SCANDINAVIA.  THEIR LEADERS MAY BE BILDERBERG CLUB SELECTED , CRYPTO JEWS OR ZIONIST STOOGES , BUT THE COMMON MAN BEARS NO ILLWILL TO RUSSIA OR PUTIN.


PUTIN MUST MAKE EFFORTS TO REACH OUT TO THESE PEOPLE.  WE DO NOT WANT COLD WAR NO 2 STARTED BY UGLY AUSSIE SHIRT FRONT ABBOT AND CRYPTO JEW HEY JUDE  STEPHEN HARPER.

COCKY YANKS MUST KNOW THAT UNLIKE WW1 AND WW2 WHERE US MAINLAND HAD PEACE   ( WITH DRUNKEN PARTIES AND HIP HOP DANCES )--




-- WHILE THE REST OF THE WORLD WERE FIGHTING --  

THIS WILL NOT BE THE CASE IN WW3 , RUSSIAN ICBMs WILL RAIN ON US MAINLAND IN MINUTES , NOT HOURS..




A CASE OF CHICKENS COMING HOME TO ROOST 






MY READERS MUST BE NOTICING THAT I AM LAYING OUT A PSOT ALMOST THE SAME WAY ARUNDHATI ROY DID  IN HER BOOK “ GOD OF SMALL THINGS”

Kerala Syrian Jew – nay- Christian Arundhati  Roy ( Naxal lover ) used reflective reminiscence , the way nostalgia uses the quantum construct.   

Her editing of the book was jumbled , with ephemeral shattered fragments of disjointed memories strewn here and there in a clever manner.

Imagine if she had narrated the ordinary story in tunnel vison mode—nobody would have cared to read it.   Events were woven magically like music .

ONLY THE COMMITTED READERS NEED READ HIS DISJOINTED VADAKAYIL STUFF  —

REST CAN LAY OFF!

After WW1, the British administered Palestine under a Rothschild created League of Nations trusteeship.

The League of Nations was dissolved after the World War II.  It was suceeded by the Rothschild created and controlled new United Nations (June 26, 1945).

As prime minister under Victoria in the 1870s, Disraeli was the Rothschild appointed overseer of Britain's imperial design to secure a "homeland" for Jews as a British outpost in the Middle East, and a secret document authored by Disraeli became the manifesto for early Zionism in Europe.

GAY Benjamin Disraeli at 2015, the only British Prime Minister of Jewish birth- thanks to Rothschild .

Jew Winston Churchill ,was told by Jew Disraeli arranged for the British to purchase a major interest in the Suez Canal Company (in Ottoman-controlled Egypt).  His family was of Sephardic Jewish Italian mercantile background.  His tomb is inside Westminster Abbey such is Rothschild’s clout.

Disraeli was PM from 20 February 1874 – 21 April 1880 installed by Rothschild .   

In 1854 and 1856 the Rothschild appointed French diplomat Ferdinand de Lesseps had obtained a concession from Said Pasha, the viceroy of Egypt, to create a company to construct a canal open to ships of all nations, according to plans created by Austrian engineer Alois Negrelli. 

The company was to operate the canal by leasing the relevant land, for 99 years from its opening. The Suez Canal Company (Compagnie Universelle du Canal Maritime de Suez) came into being on 15 December 1858. Over the next 11 years the canal was built, basically to ship Rothschild’s ill gotten oil.

Disraeli married Mary Anne Lewis. 

They had no children as he never screwed his wife. 

He needed a male bottom and top orifice.

Mary Anne 12 years older than Benjy baby , made public accusations of her husband ( giving ) having gay sex with Edward Bulwer-Lytton ( receiving orifice ) and Lord Henry Lennnox (receiving orifice ) . 

Disraeli routinely addressed Lennox baby  “my beloved” even in letters –obviously he applied good vaccum suction. There is one juicy letter where Benji baby signed off with “I am so tired I can only tell you that I love you”. And Benji baby was three timing all his gay partners with his own ,male secretary Monty “ baby” Corry.

Joshua Project maps DNA to introduce more mixing of Jew DNA blood so that Jew babies do NOT become gays.

On his travels, Disraeli indulged in gay sexual tourism in Venice on the canals in the gondola boats..

Today  'Venetian' is a code word for gay, because gondoliers were well known to gratify homosexuals for a fee—both service and receive.

In 1877, the British Prime Minister, Disraeli, wrote a blueprint for a Zionist state in Palestine under British rule.

Benji baby was absolutely loyal to his master Rothschild.


In 1862, the future British King Edward VII, then the Prince of Wales, made a well-publicized tour of the Holy Land, on order from his master Rothschild.

He was the first English crown claimant to do so in nearly 600 years.

But the prince's trip had a broader significance: for the first time the British crown itself openly adopted Zionism as its policy.

Three years after Prince Edward's trip to the Holy Land, the British Foreign Office began preparing Palestine for "resettlement." In 1865 the Palestine Exploration Fund was founded with funding from Rothschild. Mind you all this was Kerala temple gold from my Calicut home town king

When Disraeli became Prime Minister in 1874, he maneuvered to have Rothschild buy the Egyptian ruler's shares in the Canal for the British government.

Screw master Theodor Herzl's death at age 44 as he was afflicted by brain syphilis. Herzl met with opposition and derision from 99.9 % of the Jews as they all knew that something was wrong with his brain.

Herzl was a near-lunatic, due to this secret disease. In India we had a PM with the same secret disease given to him by a GORI.
. 
High Viennese society was completely under the sway of the network of salons set up by Julie Rothschild, daughter of the head of the Vienna branch of the family,

Throughout the 1880s and into the 1890s, Theodore Herzl was a known frequenter and "dandy" in these Viennese salon circles.

Hey, how many of you have heard of Jew Arnold Schoenberg whom Rothschild made the musical equivalent of Jew Picasso- for degenerate arts.

For the Disraeli-Palmerston circles in London, anti-Semitism by HEGELIAN DIALECTIC  was a means to "persuade" Jews that their only hope lay in going to Palestine — in becoming Zionists.

The Illuminati-controlled newspapers publicized and played-up the sinking of the British auxiliary cruiser, the Lusitania, which was torpedoed by a German U-Boat on May 7, 1915. The Germans said they had the right to attack an allied ship even though the United States, up to that time, had been neutral. 

The Lusitania, which had been converted into an ammunition war ship early in the war, was armed with guns and was carrying six million pounds of ammunition which were to be sold to Rotshchild in England and France for use in the war against Germany.

It was illegal for American passengers to be on board a ship carrying munitions, and on May 1, 1915, the German embassy in Washington, D.C. ran ads in the New York papers in addition to verbal announcements warning Americans that the ship would be attacked. 

Three months earlier, Germany had issued a proclamation that the waters around the British Isles were part of the war zone. In addition, it was later revealed that on December 14, 1914 British Intelligence broke the German war code ( using Rothschild’s agents in Germany ) which meant that the First Lord of the Admiralty, Winston Churchill, knew the location of every U-Boat in the English Channel area.

When the ship was sunk off the coast of Ireland, 1201 people were killed including 128 Americans. Rothchild used Jew Winston Churchill to tom tom this HEGELIAN DIALECTIC  to create a war fever portraying the Germans as being barbaric.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

On April 6, 1917, Rothschild pay roll Congress declared war selling it as a "war to end all wars" and a war "to make the world safe for democracy."

When the war was finally over, over 66,000 young American soldiers had been killed in the fighting—they never knew that they fought for a mangy German Jew.

League of Nations was signed and sealed at the Paris Peace Conference.

 Rothschild’s Jews agent Bernard Baruch, who, as head of the War Industries Board made a humongous fortune .  He was in the American delegation at the Paris Conference as well as Walter Lippman (who later became a syndicated newspaper columnist), Allen Dulles (who was appointed Director of the CIA in 1951), John Foster Dulles (brother of Allen, who later became the Secretary of State under Eisenhower), and Christian Herter (who became Secretary of State after the death of Dulles). 

English Prime Minister George was accompanied by Rothschild’s Opium agent Sir Philip Sassoon, a member of the British Privy Council and a direct descendant of Amschel Rothschild. Georges Clemenceau, the French Prime Minister, had at his side his advisor Georges Mandel, also known as Jeroboam Rothschild.

The citizens of the United States refused to accept the League of Nations because they felt it would draw them into future European conflicts.

Immediately after the Napoleonic wars, the Illuminati assumed that all the nations were so destitute and so weary of wars that they'd be glad for any solution, so the Rothschild stooges set up what they called the Congress of Vienna and at that meeting they tried to create the first League of Nations, their first attempted one-world government, on the theory that all the crowned heads of European governments were so deeply in debt to Rothschild banking that they would willingly or unwillingly serve as their stooges.

But the Czar of Russia caught the stench of the plot and completely torpedoed it. The enraged  Rothschild, causing the Red Bolshevik Jews to murder the czar and this lovely family.

“The show must go on," the Illuminati modus operandi operates on the very long-range basis.
Whether it will take decades  or centuries, they have dedicated their descendants to keep the pot boiling until they hope the conspiracy is achieved.

Raj Kapoor in MERA NAAM JOKER spAke - THE SHOW MUST GO ON ( his mother has just died ) — what an ignoramus.








Kal Khel Mein Hum Ho Na Ho
in tomorrow's game, I may not be there

Gardish Mein Taare Rahenge Sada

yet I will part of history of time

May 1 is the great day with all communist nations to this very day (May 1 is also "Law Day" as declared by the American Bar Association). That was the day, May 1, 1776, that Weishaupt completed his plan and officially organized the Illuminati to put the plan into execution. That plan required the destruction of all existing governments and religions. 

That objective was to be reached by dividing the masses of people, whom he Weishaupt, termed: "goyism" or human cattle into opposing camps in ever increasing numbers on political, social, economic, and other issues - the very conditions we have in our country today.

The opposing sides were then to be armed and incidents provided which would cause them to fight and weaken themselves and gradually destroy national governments and religious institutions.

Use monetary and sexual HONEY TRAP bribery to obtain control of men already in high places in the various of levels of all governments and other fields of endeavor.   MN Roy the founder of Indian Communism had a Jewsih honey trap wife EVELYN TRENT nay--Shanti devi.

Once influential persons had fallen for the lies, deceits, and temptations of the Illuminati they were to be held in bondage by application of political and other forms of blackmail, threats of financial ruin, public exposure, and fiscal harm, even death to themselves and loved members of their families. Like villain Ajit would say in Bollywood TUMHARI  MAA HAMARA KABZE MEIN HAI !

Most of the present top officials in US government in Washington are controlled by R.

Perhaps the most vital directive in Weishaupt's plan was to obtain absolute control of the press, at that time the only mass communications media, to distribute information to the public so that all news and information could be slanted so that the masses could be convinced that a one-world government is the only solution to our many and varied problems.

Have you ever heard the BENAMI media of India utter the dreaded ROTHSCHILD name even once?



Lawrence of Arabia , personally blew up 79 bridges along the railway, becoming so adept that he perfected a technique of leaving a bridge “scientifically shattered”—ruined but still standing.  Turkish crews then faced the time-consuming task of dismantling the wreckage before repairs could begin.

CHECK OUT WIKILEAKS -

http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/wikileaks-george-fernandes-funds-from-cia-indira-gandhi-government/1/261356.html

Our own GEORGE FERNANDES was being built up as a LAWRENCE OF ARABIA by Rothschild. When they say George Fernandes sough funds from Britain / France it means Rothschild family.  Indira Gandhi had nationalized Indian banks and she had to be eliminated.

Otherwise why would he be blowing up Indian bridges ?

I can understand Pakistani bridges – but why Indian bridges.

This is the man Bharat Ratna Atal Bihari Vajpayee made or Defence Minister.

Fernandes claimed there were 300 people with him engaged in sabotage activities and that they had "already blown up two railway bridges in the south and a bridge between Bombay and Pune".

Let me quote Wikipedia on George Fernandes.

QUOTE :  

An industrialist friend, Viren J. Shah, managing director of Mukand Ltd., helped them find contacts for procuring dynamite, used extensively in quarries around Halol (near Baroda).  They aimed at blowing up toilets in government offices and cause explosions near the venue of public meetings to be addressed by Indira Gandhi.   

A plan was hatched to blow up a dais four hours before Indira Gandhi was to address a meeting in Varanasi. The conspiracy later came to be known as the infamous Baroda dynamite case.[27][28]

According to Bhatt, there were two more plans that never worked out.  Fernandes also wanted to rob a train used to carry weapons from Pimpri (near Poona) to Bombay.  The weapons were to be used to blast government offices. 

Yet another plan was to take the help of other countries ( READ AS ROTHSCHILD ) by using ham radio.[27]


On 10 June 1976, he was finally arrested in Calcutta on charges of smuggling dynamite to blow up government establishments in protest against the imposition of emergency, in what came to be known as the Baroda dynamite case.[29]  

After his arrest, Amnesty International members ( ROTHSCHILD PUSH) cabled the Government requesting that he be given immediate access to a lawyer and that his physical protection be guaranteed.[30]  

Three world leaders from Germany, Norway, and Austria ( ROTHSCHILD PUSH ) were believed to have cabled Indira Gandhi and cautioned her against harming Fernandes.[7] 

From Baroda, the accused were shifted to Tihar Jail.   The accused were never chargesheeted.[27   ]:
UNQUOTE 

Below: I am just writing 0.001 % of what I can reveal- let it be!



I AM AN EXPERT IN DOMINO CHANGE MANAGEMENT – 

A SMALL REVELATION-- THE ENTIRE EDIFICE WILL FALL.

LET IT BE !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/domino-effect-in-change-management-capt.html





mula hasbaraMay 10, 2015 at 7:14 PM
Sir,

BBC HINDI continuing with its propaganda to defame Indian men, spread communal hatred, destroy the Harmony in Indian Homes & Paint a Poor image of Bharat Mata.

Here in this video a muslim girl who happens to be married to a Hindu Brahmin guy is sharing how she was tortured & raped in her marriage. I am not sure if she is speaking truth or lying ( she could be acting who knows her face is covered and name is changed).

The most disturbing part is that they have put an INDIAN MAP in the backround of the video????

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7t8MPy1Z9w

Thanks.































VadakayilMay 10, 2015 at 7:42 PM
hi mh,

ROTHSCHILD STARTED BBC IN ENGLAND IN 1922.

SPIES IN THE MIDDLE EAST GOT CODED MESSAGES FROM BBC. NOW OUR INDIAN NAXALS ARE GETTING IT.
IF YOU CAPTURE NAXALS ( CHRISTMAS TREE OPERATIVES ) YOU CAN SEE THAT THEIR TRANSISTORS ARE TUNED TO BBC FREQUENCY - THE STATION IN INDIAN VERNACULAR .

HAM NAXAL RADIOS TRANSMIT ON SAME FREQUENCY FOR GENERAL ALERT OF INDIAN GOVT RAIDS.

IT WAS NOT A COINCIDENCE THAT MARK TULLY OF BBC, WITNESSED LIVE - THE ASSASSINATION OF INDIRA GANDHI . 

THE SIKH ASSASSINS KNEW THAT BBC IS ON THEIR SIDE.

three decades ago i heard my radio officer whistling in the radio room -the type you do when you want to attract attention.

after three days of this - i hung around and saw him whistling into the RADIO TELEPHONY phone set.

his wife back home in india would be tuned to a HIGH frequency on radio . at the right time , my radio officer would send a high powered whistle into her radio set set. then he would talk to her on another frequency. she could only listen-- he did all the talking about the sea and the weather BLAH BLAH.

TODAY OUR STUPID INDIAN GOVT KNOW THAT NAXALS TUNE IN TO BBC -- AND THEY HAVE DONE NOTHING ABOUT IT.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/BBC-Radio-to-air-surrender-policy-in-Maoist-belt/articleshow/46901622.cms

READ THE POST ABOVE-

EVEN IF YOU ARE RETARDED YOU KNOW IF BBC IS TO "WIN THE WAR AGAINST NAXALS"

ARE WE CHOOTS ?

DO WE TRUST FOREIGN POISONOUS SNAKES ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 10, 2015 at 7:43 PM
PUT ABOVE COMMENT IN MODIs , SWAMYs , RAJNATH SINGHs AND PARRIKKARs WEBSITES
 


WHEN INDIRA GANDHI WAS ASSASSINATED , BBC AIRED THE NEWS AGAINST OUR INDIAN REGULATIONS. 

( all CHOOTS were praising BBC for being so efficient unlike AIR ) 



TILL PLAN B IS IN PLACE NO GOVT ON THIS PLANET WILL ANNOUNCE THAT ITS LEADER IS ASSASSINATED.


BUT RAJIV GANDHI WAS PROTECTED IMMEDIATELY -- AS SOON AS BBC LEAKED THE " INDIRA GANDHI ASSASSINATED "  INFORMATION .  





BUT POOR INNOCENT DESH BHAKT SIKHS DIED IN INSTANT RIOTS , ALIENATING THEM FOREVER .





I WANT MY READERS TO KNOW THIS-

EVERY POLL IN BENAMI MEDIA IS FAKE AND RIGGED.



TODAY THERE IS A POLL IN TOILET PAPER OF INDIA --

WHERE MAJORITY INDIANS DO NOT WANT MILITARY ACTION AGAINST DEADLY NAXALS WIELDING GUNS-- ONLY ENDLESS NEGOTIATION



MOST NAXALS ARE CONVERTED CHRISTIANS , WITH HINDU NAMES - THEY LIE IN THE CENSUS .



THE CENSUS OF INDIAN CHRISTIAN PERCENTAGE IS DELIBERATELY MENTIONED WRONG IN THE RED CORRIDOR AND NE STATES . 





THE CATHOLIC ITALIAN WAITRESS GETS ALL THE CHRISTIAN AND NAXAL / MILITANT VOTES IN THE RED CORRIDOR AN NORTH EAST INDIA.






WANNA KNOW WHY OUR I and B MINISTER AND BCCI MAN ARUN JAITLEY IS A DARLING OF OUR BENAMI MEDIA , ROTHSCHILD AND JEWS ?




INDIANS MOTHERs WHO GET DRUNK ON WHISKY AND LOSE THEIR PANTIES IN A PARTY ARE COOL !

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/Maa-ho-toh-aisi-Bollywoods-coolest-moms-ever/photostory/34919840.cms





MODI REFUSED TO MEET THE IRANIAN PRESIDENT , BUT HE HAD HAJAAR TIME TO MEET LANGOT YAAR BAAAAAA NO 2 , ON THE SIDELINES OF A UN MEET -- 

MODI DOES NOT KNOW THAT IRAN IS SHIA AND SUNNI PAKISTANs NEIGHBOUR --

SUCH IS THE PERCEPTION OF OUR ALICE FROM GUJJULAND !!



OUR BENAMI DESH DROHI MEDIA HAS GONE TO TOWN CRYING THAT INDIA HAS VERY LITTLE MILITARY HARDWARE -- 

A HEGELIAN DIALECTIC 

OF COURSE ISRAEL HAS HAJAAR ARMS - DUMP THE TEJAS PROGRAMME  

BILKUL THAIYYAR -- 

AAJ HE MILEGA !  

ONE TELEPHONE CALL AWAY  !!

http://www.ibtimes.co.in/india-cannot-fight-war-beyond-20-days-cag-report-rips-apart-indian-defence-631844

Below : Jewish mother of BAAAAAAAAAAAA





TE Lawrence achieved things in the desert using Rothschild’s gold and his gay asshole .

Lawrence was aware of the extravagant promises the British government had made to Hussein in order to raise the Arab Revolt: full independence for virtually the entire Arab world. What Lawrence also knew was that just months after cementing that deal with Hussein, Britain had entered into a secret compact with its chief ally in the war, France.

Both France and Britain were Rothschild brothers. But for the Internet age nobody would have known of all this.

One pocket of the shirt to another pocket-  MAJJA HAI !




JEW ROTHSCHILD NE ARAB MUSLIMS KO CHOOTIYA BANAYA-- 



Under the secret Sykes-Picot Agreement, the future independent Arab nation was to be relegated to the wastelands of Arabia, while all the regions of value—Iraq, greater Syria—were to be allocated to the imperial spheres of Britain and France.

As Lawrence recruited ever more tribes to the cause of future Arab independence, he became increasingly conscience-stricken by the “dead letter” promises he was making, and finally reached a breaking point.  


His conscience forced him to tell Hussein’s son Faisal about the existence of the secret Sykes-Picot-agreement.  

KAISA CHOOTIYA BANAYA !.   

This has always been the modus-operandi  - make Muslim kill Muslim and the Jew will take the fruit .

If Rothschild had known of this he would have had Lawrence murdered in the desert.



Like I said the secret Sykes-Picot Agreement of 1916 divided up the Middle East between colonial powers, France and Great Britain ( both Rothschild ) , contrary to promises made by TE Lawrence to his Arab Muslim allies ( Hussein )



TE Lawrence was involved in the  capture of Aqaba.   Aqaba was both the Turkish Ottoman enemy’s last outpost on the Red Sea and a natural gateway



But after World War I, Lawrence became a publicly acclaimed hero, and he exposed the Rothschild double cross and successfully pressed for the granting of territories to his Hashemite allies from the Arabian Hedjaz.  

His fate was sealed  .

You do NOT double cross Jew Rothschild.




Syria (and then Iraq), would be ruled by King Feisal, and Transjordan (77% of the land originally allocated as a Jewish state) would be ruled by Emir Abdullah.

Below: Arabs laying oil pipelines for the white Jew Rothschild to steal 





Below : The West is upset as 2 days ago, Putin told Robert Mugambe that he will be protected from Rothschild .  Ever since this 91 year old President of Zimbabwe stopped allowing greedy Zionists to steal from his country - he has become a BAAAAD man !   So what else is new ?  Mugabe has given his nation the highest literacy rate 96% even better than most countries in Europe.




Unable to topple Mugabe , in March 2003, US President George W. Bush applied  economic sanctions against Mugabe.  Many Western Universities stripped Mugabe of his honorary degrees.  

The British Queen annulled his SIR rank of knighthood.  You can be SIR only if you are a JUDAS to your country. 

We in Indian know of our SIRS knighted by Rothschild prior independence. Today their descendants are hiding out of shame. 



WHY DID SIR S RADHAKRISHNAN HIDE HIS KNIGHTHOOD WHICH HE RECEIVED FROM ROTHSCHILD IN 1931 ?

CHAKKAR KYA HAI?

WHY DID A HINDU SCHOLAR LIKE HIM ALLOW HINDUISM TO BE COVERED IN SHIT ?

Mugabe brought down infant mortality in his nation drastically. The Jews are upset as Monkey Mugabe is against homosexuality. 

Alice in Gujjuland and Rothschild darling Modi must know that Robert Mugabe is more than just a politician, he leads a terrific cause.


Capt Ajit Vadakayil who has the PERCEPTION  appreciates the fact that Robert Mugabe has given the oppressed black African his dignity well beyond symbols of nominal independence. 


After his death Robert Mugabe will be remembered by the black African for his efforts  in triggering and catalyzing the the economic self-empowerment of the Zimbabweans, which now resonates with the continent—and Rothschild and his Zionist stooges do NOT like it.  Mineral infused Zimbabwe is a VERY rich country like rare earth rich North Korea.

Rothschild’s media has painted Robert Mugabe as a EVIL terrorist, a bloodthirsty tyrant worse than Hitler. Mugabe is NOT a CHOOT—he said  "If standing for my people's aspirations makes me a Hitler," he once said, "let me be a Hitler a thousand times."  And god bless Putin for standing by him and protecting him from the white Jews .

The west has misjudged him as a archetypal black monkey  tin pot dictator.


 "The trouble with Mugabe," the former British foreign secretary Douglas Hurd once said, is that "he thinks like us and he knows our methods too ".  

UNLIKE OUR LITTLE BO PEEP MODI –  

OH BAAAAAAAAAA-    

OH BIBBEEEEEEEEEEE --- 

INDIAN UN PEACEKEEPERS BHEJOON ?  

BASS NOBEL PEACE PRIZE DILWAANA MUJHE !

YES - INDEED--  YOU CAN BET YOU COTTON' PICKIN' ASS 



At the time of Independence 53% of Zimbabwe was owned by a RACIST and reclusive white settler population of less than 3950. They owned the best and most fertile lands. The balance useless 47% was  packed with 10.8 million desperately poor black Zimbabweans.

Every time Mugabe wins an election against his Zionist supported opponent the Rothschild medi cries ELECTION RIGGING –old hat !    This is when  Independent  white skinned official observers ( who are NOT on the payroll of Zionists ) passed the elections off as free, fair and credible.




Vladmir Putin has reportedly vowed to stand by Zimbabwe and shield the southern African country against any "Western aggression" .



Putin assured that Russia was ready to "thwart" any Western hostility against Zimbabwe.  





I do hope Putin knows how France is bleeding their former African colonies. 



I have taken shiploads of red and white wine on my stainless stell chemical tankers from France to Africa,  for the white French man to drink—I know the equation ! 

PSSSST— The white French woman prefers the huge black African DONG ! CHEE CHEE !!



Mugabe will leave power when he wants to on HIS OWN TERMS – or when his body gives out— as long as Putin protects him from assassination by white Zionists .  


For the long oppressed black African  , black leader Mugabe has stood up to the former white colonial powers and kicked the sh#t out of them- and  that is all that matters .




UN sees only what Rothschild wants it to see.

Historically, Africa has been the most oppressed and raped part  of this planet—all hidden from world view by Rothschild controlled media.  





UN stood guard while Zionists stole from Africa . The Zionists made sure that the black African remained illiterate.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html




They found novel ways to gain entry into the deepest mineral rich parts of Africa.  By introducing lab created virus epidemics.  




Below: Fake reports are made in world media that black African women are being raped and Trojan Horse NGOs pour in -- our BENAMI media is trying the same thing in India.





 Mineral experts in the garb of good Samaritans came with sophisticated equipment prospecting for minerals , gold and diamonds.



Below:  BLACK SKINNED JEWS ARE NOT THE SAME AS WHITE SKINNED JEWS IN ISRAEL -- RINGWORM CHILDREN .



In the Jewish religion, as ordained by the Babylonian Talmud, Blacks are eternally cursed through the channel known as “The Curse of Ham.” 



Though the curse originated in Chapter 9 of Genesis in the Bible, no racial identity was applied to Ham, son of the prophet Noah, and there was certainly no anti-Black prejudice. The racist origins of The Curse of Ham originated within the ‘wise’ rabbinic pages of the Talmud, which damned Blacks to an infinite existence of enslavement.


Stated the rabbis, “Ham is told by his outraged father that, because you have abused me in the darkness of night, your children shall be born black and ugly; because you have twisted your head to cause me embarrassment, they shall have kinky hair and red eyes; because your lips jested at my expense theirs shall swell; and because you neglected my nakedness, they shall go naked ” 

Moses Maimonides, Judaism’s most celebrated rabbinic ‘sage,’ has written that Blacks are “irrational animals” who are “below mankind but above monkeys”



Talmudic rabbis have deepened The Curse of Ham over time, attributing bestiality as a regular engagement among Blacks, concocting depraved sexual fantasies of Ham fornicating with dogs and ravens and thus, having his skin damned with even more blackness for his perversion . Sick would be an understatement; demented wouldn’t even begin the description. 


And when the usurping Zionist regime’s policies towards Ethiopian Jews are examined in depth, and they are nothing short of emphatically deplorable, as well as Jewish discrimination against Blacks in the United States due to the disproportionate Jewish accumulation of wealth




The entire blood-soaked colonial adventures in Africa have been funded by Rothschild it was a Jewish thingy — his own media has made him out to be  “King of the Jews,” in London.  



It was the Rothschild frontman Cecil Rhodes who, in accordance with the hegemonic plans of his Talmudist masters, established the genocidal colony of Rhodesia, just north of South Africa, setting off a century of tumultuous conflict and unnecessary bloodshed.  




 Rhodesia would go from colony of the Rothschild Empire, to the sadistic apartheid regime of Ian Smith from 1965-1980, to the nation known today as Zimbabwe.





American Ezra Weston Loomis Pound , a Rothschild’s peer review agent was a kingmaker when it came to poets and writer.   He is the popshot who made  T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, Robert Frost ,Ernest Hemingway etc  famous.

He wrote to Harriet Monroe, editor of the Rothschild controlled Chicago magazine Poetry, and made sure  Gitanjali was reprinted ten times in nine months.   When Tagore visited the United States in 1913, Rothschild controlled the press greeted him as “the creator of a new age in literature”.

In November , the same year Tagore  won the Nobel Prize, the first non-European to receive the award. His main NEW WORLD ORDER verse in Gitanjali was ghost  written by YB Yeats.

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high;
Where knowledge is free;

Where the world has not been broken up
into fragments by narrow domestic walls;

Where words come out from the depth of truth;
Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection;
Where the clear stream of reason
has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit;
Where the mind is led forward by thee into ever-widening thought and action---
Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

Rabindranath Tagore dedicated his Nobel Prize winner poetry collection Gitanjali to William Rothenstein.

Tagore expressed his gratitude to Yeats’s “contribution” to the English Gitanjali,.  Ezra Pound later spent his Christmas in Yeat’s home at Sussex.

Below: Rotshchild's stooges --   MAJJA HAI !





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html


CULTURAL TERRORISM ON THE BLACKS IN ZIMBABWE WAS CARRIED OUT BY A JEWESS  TROJAN HORSE- .RUTH FEIGENBAUM




WE HAVE SO MANY SUCH TROJAN HORSES RUNNING AROUND IN INDIA – SUPPORTED BY ISRAELI DARLING NARENDRA MODI.

OH BAAAAAA   


OH BIBEEEEEEEEE



http://www.jta.org/2012/03/01/news-opinion/world/in-face-of-desperate-african-poverty-ruth-feigenbaum-provides-a-beacon-of-hope

On March 1st, 2012, a curious article appeared in the Jewish Telegraph Agency (JTA), the self-described “Global News Service of the Jewish People,” entitled, “In face of desperate African poverty, Ruth Feigenbaum provides a beacon of hope”

Feigenbaum, according to the JTA, became involved in human rights activities in Zimbabwe after her gardener (read: slave ) was diagnosed with HIV and subsequently passed away three days later.
The entire ordeal “deeply upset” our golden hearted Jewess Feigenbaum.

Described as a “major player” in Zimbabwe, Feigenbaum used her “international Jewish connections” to build up TROJAN HORSE charities inside Bulawayo, Zimbabwe’s second largest city.


Ever since ALICE IN GUJJLAND Modi became PM, we have lot of then given a toe hold inside India--VISA IN ARRIVAL --     

MAJJA HAI !.

One such group that assisted the GOOD SAMARITAN JEWESS  was the World Jewish Relief of London, a Rothschild controlled organization with deep hidden roots in Africa 


 Feigenbaum, referring to Zimbabwean children that she works with, said, “They have learned something about Jews and Judaism from me”   .   This is the MEANEST in cultural terrorism, which we Indian are very familiar with.

Feigenbaum was assisted in her efforts by a South African rabbi named Moshe Silberhaft, who provided her with books for the children that she works with and who a library in her community would be named after.

Feigenbaum also made mention that, “They greet me on every visit with a ‘shalom’ and thank me by saying ‘todah rabah.’ At Pesach time, with the matzah sent to us by Rabbi Moshe, I arrange a third seder so they can learn a little about our customs ”


Feigenbaum is a member of the African Jewish Congress , a Zionist Lobby group which helps African Jews “retain their links with World Jewry” and which maintains organizational goals of “fighting anti-Semitism” and promoting the interests of the usurping Zionist entity. 

The executive director of the African Jewish Congress is Rabbi Moshe Silberhaft, Feigenbaum’s partner in Zimbabwe

 Feigenbaum aint no “humanitarian,” no “human rights activist”; she isengaged in CULTURAL TERRORISM - imposing cultural Zionism (also known as Jewish cultural imperialism) on a native black population.



Below: CULTURAL JEWISH TERRORISTS Ruth Feigenbaum and Rabbi Moshe Silberhaft: Zionist agents attempting to impose Jewish cultural imperialism on Zimbabwe.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/cultural-terrorism-by-benami-media-and.html





An integral part of Cultural Zionism is spying and reconnaissance, understanding the indigenous culture before encroaching upon it and destroying it in a foul, immoral and deceitful manner . 

Owner of British East India company Jew Rothschild planned centuries in advance in India. 

Rothschild took a shipload of Bene Israel Jews from Kerala dropped them off the Konkan coast.  He allowed centuries for them to breed , call themselves CHITAPAVAN BRAHMINS ( instead of Jews ) . 

These Chitpavan Jews calling themselves Peshwas then usurped the Maratha Empire of Emperor Shahu by attack from within . 

The Peshawas conquered the Mughals ( using Rothschild’s rockets and long range guns )  handed over the Maratha Empire to German Jew Rothschild on  a platter .  

Exactly how in the middle east the gullible Muslims fought against Muslim Ottoman handed over the oil rich lands to Rothschild to distribute land between CRYPTO JEW BLOODLINES friendly to the carved out Jewish state of  Israel..

Below:  Every nation on the left has a Rothschild chosen ruler at Bilderberg .  
The good King of Oman , Qaboos bin Said al Said has kept away.




Israel and Rothschild are pissed off that a defiant President Robert Mugabe who vowed  to provide Iran with uranium for its peaceful program, despite crippling economic aggression.  This is the same Mugabe, who was imprisoned by the Rothschild’s  apartheid regime for a decade (1964-1974).



Rothschild controlled IMF, World Bank and Zionist Western nations have imposed economic sanctions against Zimbabwe.  Now you know why China has formed the AIIB and screwed Rothschild .

Rothschild uses his agent Jew George Soros (who runs Human Rights Watch  ) in Zimbabwe.   The Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa is a Soros-affiliated organization. 



Its director for Zimbabwe is Godfrey Kanyenze, who also directs the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions (ZCTU), which was the main force behind the founding of the Movement for Democratic Change, trying to eliminate Robert Mugabe.




The largest exporter of BLOOD diamonds in the world is Israel.—by war crimes, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing, genocide, apartheid and extrajudicial executions.


IshanMay 11, 2015 at 11:21 PM
The COMBINED Supercomputing capacity of India is 2.97 Petaflops.
China's Tihane-2 alone operates at 33.86 Petaflop
America's Titan alone operates at 17.6 PFs.
Recently Russia started a supercomputer network in their undeground 'Wartime Government Network' last year. RT reported the specifications of that computer network which was way beyond the thing at the Pentagon. Now, I can't find the article.

Just recently another supercomputer went live in Bengaluru.
ReplyDelete

Replies




























Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 12, 2015 at 7:44 AM
hi i,

MODI MUST KNOW THAT INDIA DOES NOT WANT VIKAAAS WITH LANGOT YAAR ZIONIST HELP-- AS WE CAN DO VIKAAAS ON OUR OWN.

Computer scientists often refer to the speed of a computer in “flops” – floating point operations per second.

The fastest computers are just this year breaking the petaflop barrier (quadrillions of operations per second — 10^15).

On June 10, 2013, China's Tianhe-2 was ranked the world's fastest with a record of 33.86 petaFLOPS

India will develop 132 Exaflop performance (about 132000 petaFLOPS)computer in a few years .

This will be a hundred times faster than the next competitor –USA, Russia, China etc .

Our ancient maharishis had fractal minds which could work faster than any exaflop computer .

This is how they worked out planet diameters and distances and recorded it 7000 years ago.

First we need to build a dedicated nuclear plant for this HYPER computer’s power supply as it will consume the electricity required by a city-though power efficient.

There is NO use having a huge PRICK when you have no TWAT to shove it into—all in good time.

WHY DO YOU THINK USA IS WOOING INDIA –for cheap labour ?

in USA when the white man cannot do a BRAINY coding project they give it to indians or chinese or koreans.

capt ajit vdakayil
.




SIR  S Radhakrishnan , the most honourable Hindu scholar who knew everything about ancient India-- 

kindly SPIK-- 

why does it take a blogger to reveal all this below ?

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 20, 2015 at 8:27 AM

STOP PRESS:

the white invader have shown us FAKE sanskrit verses and poison injected history to prove that--

shiva eats dead men in the cremation grounds
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html

our ancient queens fornicated with the dead horse's prick after the ashwamedha yagna
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/ashwamedha-yagam-bloodless-sacrifice.html

that our temples did human / animal sacrifice
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html

that our devadasis were whores who serviced pujaris and devotees coming to the temple
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

that kamasutra was all about deviant sex
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/kamasutra-by-vatsayana-immoral-sexual.html

that maharishi manu was world's no 1 racist
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/cnn-ibn-poll-greatest-indian-since.html

that hindus sexually abused the devi goddess so that she gets angry and develops more powers.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html

that gandhi charkha ghumaake humko aazadi dilwaya
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/mahatma-gandhi-re-writing-indian.html

that krishna had a mistress outside marriage named radha

that krishna was a sex maniac who screwed 16000 bhargen - nay - virgin damsels

that rama was a cruel and paranaoid man who kicked his pregnant wife into the forest

that shiva was a chakka transgender

that shiva was a sexual pervert who walked around deodhar forest with an erect prick

that the wives of saptarishis ( gotra ) screwed around with shiva

that brahma/ vishnu/ shiva held competitions and cheated each other to show who is stronger .
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

that england was a bigger country than india
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/country-size-racist-conspiracy-capt.html

that shiva lingam was a stone prick inserted into a yoni vagina
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/lord-shiva-shivalingam-dance-of-shiva.html

that hindusim is a very recent religion

that hindus worshipped 330 million ridiculous deities

that so many back dated DASAS , mutts and reformers tried to uplift the evil thinking hindus

that all ancient scripture stalwarts were evil people

that evil mind of chanakya represented the evil and slimy hindu
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

hindusim created the evil swastika symbol
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/swastika-symbol-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

that the star of david is the jewish symbol - shiva - shakti merging triangles
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html

that stupid indians thought world is flat and sun goes around earth - when aryabhatta wrote it is round and earth goes around sun in 2700 BC
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/heliocentricity-versus-geocentricity.html

that ganges water is dirty water which gives cholera and typhoid
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/06/ganga-manthan-cleaning-of-river-ganges.html

that saraswati river and ancient saraswati civilization never existed
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/mother-of-all-civilisations-saraswati.html

that OM was to call cows -while they lifted SHALOM and AMEN
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/om-aum-sound-of-zpf-cymatics-sound-of.html

that indians had no inventions / discoveries till the white man invaded-while actually it was the other way around.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/we-are-hindus-we-are-indians-we-are.html

CONTINUED TO 2-
ReplyDelete

Replies



























Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 20, 2015 at 8:27 AM
CONTINUED FROM 1-

that our humped cows are useless
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

that our vedic grains were useless
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html

that re-incarnation was a useless concept- while they did past life regression on the quiet.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/rip-impossible-with-burial-world-is.html

that hindus copied DHAMMA concept from buddhists .
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/dharma-in-hinduism-core-values-of.html

that virgin coconut oil we use is the worst veg oil- and GM canola oil is the best
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html

that indians are evil--while we have the lowest rape/ crime/ homosexual/ divorce percentage
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html

that there was NO inquisition in india
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

ancient Indians copied surgery/ medicine from greeks
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/fathers-of-surgery-and-medicine-4200-bc.html

that indentured coolie slaves went on their own accord - without deliberately induced famine
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html

King alexander defeated Porus
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/alexander-great-and-king-porus-hidden.html

Indian soldiers did NOT fight in WW1 and WW2- but were just coolies – loading up mules / donkeys.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-indian-navy-mutiny-of-1946-only-war.html

Indian gurukul system was useless
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/shravana-manana-nididhyasana-way-of.html

Shiva was an illiterate tribal –as told by amish tripathi
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/lord-shiva-as-first-guru-dakshinamurthy.html

Shiva danced in graveyards beating his drum
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/04/shabda-brahman-beat-of-damarau-drum-of.html

Sanskrit mantras and Agnihotra are superstitions
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/beej-mantra-anuswaram-nasal-sound.html

That Gotra system was superstition , while actually it is to preserve the Y chromosome.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/gotra-system-khap-rules-y-chromosome.html

Shiva was a drug addict smoking Marijuana
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html

Tantra was perverse sex and debauchery
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/tantra-left-handed-path-of-hinduism.html

Cremating the dead causes global warming
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/begone-al-gore-hoax-of-carbon-dioxide.html

The shankh we blow in temples is just a cheap primitive bugle
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/secrets-of-shankh-or-conch-product-of.html

Hindus drink cow urine and are dirty perverts
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/gomutra-drinking-cows-urine-as-elexir.html

Hindus do a stupid knee bend while holding ear exercise in front of a stupid elephant god
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/dvau-bhuja-karanam-thoppu-karanam-itham.html

Our vedic holy humped cows are useless creatures giving little milk.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

That our Vishnu avatars are nonsense
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/vishnu-avatar-varaha-boar-fixing-planet.html

That our vedas are stupid shepherds verses
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/nasadiya-sukta-rig-veda-5000-bc.html

Ancient hindus were savages never had a technical mind
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/sri-yantra-and-egyptian-pyramids-capt.html

Hindusim never contributed to western religions and we copied from Greeks

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/thor-zeus-marduk-brihaspati-and-jupiter.html

THE WHITE INVADER FELL FLAT ON HIS FACE - IN FRONT OF MY BLOG SITE, RIGHT ?

I CAN GO ON AND ON-- AND MAKE THIS LIST CROSS 1000 .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



I ask our late SIR Sarvapalli  Radhakrishnan  –

you were such a eminent Hindu scholar—

why have you failed to protect Hinduism and Bharatmata.   

Is it because your master ROTHSCHILD would deprive you off your goodies ?

Why does it take a blogger to reveal all this, below?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/we-are-hindus-we-are-indians-we-are.html




SIR S Radhakrishnan , you could NOT even write a word about the Hindu geometry behind my head right ?





DOES NOT MATTER  –

THE MOST WELL READ OF THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA ( OR PEER REVIEWED HISTORIAN HOUSE ) SMELLS THE FARTS OF THIS BLOGGER FROM 13 MILLION ( LIGHTYEARS ) AWAY  .

https://plus.google.com/+timesindia/posts

https://plus.google.com/109255865130996771184/posts/gTZosh3GHgB

PPR BRR TRRR WHOOOSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH-

Let me quote from Wikipedia-


QUOTE :  The Times of India (TOI) is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. It is the third-largest newspaper in India by circulation and largest selling English-language daily in the WORLD according to Audit Bureau of Circulations (India).[2][3]  According to the Indian Readership Survey (IRS) 2012, the Times of India is the MOST widely read English newspaper in India” : UNQUOTE 



I ASK MY READERS TO SING ALONG-- 

BHARATMATA WAS CHAINED AND BLED FOR 800 YEARS -- 

NOW SLOWLY AND STEADILY THE SAME EVIL FORCES ARE BACK , AND HAVE BEEN NOW GIVEN A TOE HOLD IN INDIA BY OUR BENAMI MEDIA AND SELFISH DESH DROHIS -- 

WE SHALL OVER COME -- 

THE COMMON MAN, THE CHILDREN OF BHARATMATA , HINDU/ CHRISTIAN/ MUSLIM/ SIKH whatever -- WILL OVERCOME !! 





OUR JUDAS MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS CELEBRATING THE ELECTION OF A BRITISH MP  THE SON IN LAW OF AN INDIAN  MONEY BAG ---




 (WHO REFUSED TO PLAY THE NATIONAL ANTHEM , AS HE DID NOT WANT TO EMBARRASS HIS ZIONIST PATRONS ) WHO CONTRIBUTES TO GANDHI STATUES IN FOREIGN NATIONS .




This man who is a trustee of the Ford Foundation was supported by almost all Trojan Horse Foreign funded NGOs to be the President of India. 




Below: Jew Cameroon praying to Gandhi ! We Indians do NOT care for Gandhi -  if anybody dares to invade and enslave Bharatmata in future ,  we desh bhakt Indians will NOT be spinning charkha, and giving LOVE -- the way Gujjubhai Modi wants us to--  we will give MOONH TODH jawab ! Every Indian will pick up a stone and kill the evil foreign invader like a mad jackal in a school street . 



ALLOW THE WHITE INVADER TO SHIT ALL OVER BHARATMATAs FACE  AND RAPE HER --  GIVE LOVE TO THE WHITE MASTER  -- 

REFUSE TO HATE THE WHITE INVADER WHO ENSLAVED YOU-- ALLOW THE WHITE INVADER TO STEAL YOUR NATIONs ENTIRE WEALTH 










MAHATMA GANDHI JI NE CHARKHA GHUMAAKE BHARATMATA KO AZAADI DILWAAYA ! 

BIKUL SACH BOL RAHA HOON-- 

GOD PROMISE ! 



PICTURES SPEAK A MILLION WORDS !




TELL THIS SOLDIERS WIFE AND CHILD -- HE SHOULD HAVE GIVEN THE ENEMY MAHATMA GANDHI BRAND LOVE AND AHIMSA , NOT BULLET.  




SERVES HIM RIGHT FOR NOT FOLLOWING "FATHER OF THE NATIONS" ADVISE .   NEXT TIME GHUMAAO CHARKHA - GUJJU BRAND -PORBANDAR WAALA ! 



WHEN CHINESE SOLDIERS INVADE INDIA - WE WILL GHUMAAO CHARKHA !











ROBERT TO MAFIA BOSS ( after torture session ) :  SIR , YEH KUCH BATAA NAHI RAHAA HAI .


MAFIA DON AJIT :  RAABERRT , SAALE KO CHARKHA KE SAMNE BITA DO, TAAKI HAMEIN PATA CHALEIN - CHAKKAR KYA HAI.




MONA DAARRLING MUJHE KUCH KUCH HOTA HAI --





Grace and peace !



Ambaa shaambhavi chandramauLirabalaa.aparNaa umaa paarvatii
kaaLii haimavatii shivaa trinayanii kaatyaayanii bhairavii .
saavitrii navayauvanaa shubhakarii saamraajyalakshmiipradaa
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 1 ..

ambaa mohini devataa tribhuvanii aananda sandhaayinii
vaaNii pallava-paaNi-veNu-muraLii gaanapriyaalolinii .
kalyaaNii uDuraaja-bimbavadanaa dhuumraakSha-samhaariNii
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 2 ..

ambaa nuupura-ratna-kaNkaNa-dharii keyuurahaaraavaLii
jaajiichampakavaijayantilaharii graiveyavairaajitaa .
veeNaaveNuvinodamaNDitakaraa veeraasanaa-samsthitaa
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 3 ..

ambaa raudriNi bhadrakaaLi bagaLaa jvaalaamukhii vaiShNavii
brahmaaNii tripuraantakii suranutaa dediipyamaanojjvalaa .
chaamunDaashritarakShapoShajananii daakShaayaNii pallavii
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 4 ..

ambaa shuuladhanuHkushaankushadharii ardhendubimbaadharii
vaaraahii madhu kaiTabhaprashamanii vaaNiiramaasevitaa .
mallaadyaasuramuukadaityadamanii maaheshwarii ambikaa
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 5 ..

ambaa sR^iShTivinaashapaalanakarii aaryaavisa.mshobhitaa
gaayatrii praNavaakSharaamR^itasaraH puurNaanusa.ndhiikR^itaa .
OMkaarii vinutaa suraarchitapadaa uddanNDadaityaapahaa
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 6 ..

ambaa shaashvata aagamaadi vinutaa aaryaa mahaa devataa
yaa brahmaadi pipiilikaanta jananii yaa vai jaganmohinii .
yaa pa~nca praNavaadi repha jananii yaa chitkaLaamaalinii
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 7 ..

ambaa paalitabhaktaraajiranisham ambaaShTakam yaH paThet
ambaalokakaTaakShaviikShalalitaa aishvaryamavyaahataa .
ambaa paavanamantraraajapaThanaaddantiishamokS­hapradaa
chidruupii paradevataa bhagavatii shrii raajaraajeshwarii .. 8 ..


.. iti raajaraajeshwaryaShTakam ..

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
******************************************************************************
LAWRENCE OF ARABIA PART 4 , ZIONIST DECEIT IN THE MIDDLE EAST - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THIS POST IS A CONTINUATION OF THREE PREVIOUS POSTS –


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-3-crypto-jewish.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-part-two-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html


Rothschild stooge Herbert Louis Samuel, ( 1870 – 1963) was THE FIRST Jew to serve as a Cabinet minister and to become the leader of a major British political party



Two months after Britain's declaration of war on the Ottoman Empire in November 1914, Samuel circulated a memorandum entitled The Future of Palestine to his cabinet colleagues, suggesting that Palestine become a home for the Jewish people under the British Rule

He was appointed to the position of High Commissioner in 1920, before the Council of the League of Nations approved a British mandate for Palestine.

Sir Herbert came to Palestine in June 30, 1920. Upon his arrival he said gllefully , “I am the first Jewish leader of Palestine since Hyrcanus II, the last Maccabee leader in 40 BCE.”

Nonetheless, the military government withdrew to Cairo in preparation for the expected British Mandate, which was finally granted 2 years later by the League of Nations. He served as High Commissioner until 1925 


Below:  Emir Faisal ( son of Hussein , who was name a CHOOT by Rothschild ) at Lydda Station, Palestine, with Sir Herbert Samuel, inspecting Indian soldiers.  



King Faisal ( son of Hussein , Sharif Of Mecca ) died on 8 September 1933, at the age of 48.  The official cause of death was a heart attack while he was staying in Bern, Switzerland, for his general medical checkup suggested by Rotshchild’s agents .  He was poisoned using Arsenic. Dead men tell NO tales. 


King Faisal’s private nurse officially reported in writing signs of arsenic poison before his death. DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES.  This was the man who brought down the Ottoman Empire for Rotshchild.  Many of his companions noticed that day that he was suffering from pain in the abdomen (sign of poisoning) and not chest (a typical sign of heart attack).  His body was quickly embalmed before performing a proper autopsy to find the exact result of death, a normal procedure in such situations

Below: Lawrence of Arabia behind Faisel ( son of Hussein ). Rothschild has always instigated both sides and supported both sides in a war in a DISHONORABLE UNGRATEFUL MANNER.. and reaped the benefits of war - making a CHOOT out of both sides .





Samuel was the first Jew to govern the historic land of Israel in 2,000 years. He recognised Hebrew as one of the three official languages of the Mandate territory.   Rothschild awarded him Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) on 11 June 1920. 

Samuel later became the leader of the Liberal Party in the House of Lords (1944-1955). During the 1951 general election, on 15 October 1951, Samuel became the first British politician to deliver a party political broadcast on television. 

Below: TE Lawrence with Herbert Samuel


On June 30, 1920, Sir Louis Bols of the Occupied Enemy Territory Administration handed over Palestine to Herbert Samuel, who signed that he had received “one Palestine, complete.”    This was how cocky Rothschild was.




Poor Rothschild is worth trillions yet his name is not in the FORBES Fortune 500.

If so where is all his gold which he stole from Tipu Sultan ( Kerala temple gold ?)

However  PSSSSTTT Rothschild owns hundreds of palaces and castles all over the world.

Wanna see a few ?    Just for kicks ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/worth-more-than-sum-total-of-entire.html

ENJOY !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html


















SAB CHORI KA MAAL !





































Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 13, 2015 at 5:37 AM
STOP PRESS:

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/From-textbooks-to-TV-Story-of-Hieun-Tsang-on-DD-soon/articleshow/47256628.cms

WHY DID NOT XUAN ZANG ( HIEUN TSANG ) NEVER WRITE A WORD ABOUT THE GREAT EMPEROR ASHOKA?

BECAUSE ASHOKA WAS A BACKDATED CREATION OF ROTHSCHILD, THE OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY .

TO MAKE THE HINDUS FEEL SELF LOATHING, AND CONVERT FROM HINDUSIM, THE WHITE INVADER COOKED UP KINGS LIKE ASHOKA WHO GOT SICK AND TIRED OF BAAD BAAAAD HINDUISM AND CONVERTED TO GOOODIE GOOOD BUDDHISM .

WE ARE NOW IN THE INTERNET AGE- NOT ROTHSCHILD PERR REVIEWED HOSTORY AGE . .

NOBODY IN INDIA HEARD OF EMPEROR ASHOKA TILL THE WHITE INVADER COOKED HIM UP . . ASHOKA NEVER EXISTED , AS SIMPLE AS THAT .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

CHINESE ADMIRAL ZHENG HE NEVER WROTE A WORD ABOUT ASHOKA . .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/chinese-admiral-zheng-he-in-calicut.html

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

Above: BUDDHAM SHARANAM GACHCHAAMI !

Below: Ashoka , a Rothschild created and back dated Buddhist ruler.   Sorry , there was NO slavery , animal sacrifice, deforestation or tilted gender playing field in Hinduism.  

Hey, what about global warming created by BAAAAD Hindus? 

TEEE HEEEEE   !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html




Below:  After Emperor Ashoka converted from BAAAD BAAAAD Hinduism to GOODIE GOOOOD Buddhism -- did he spin a charkha like Rothschild stooge Gandhi ?



IN ROTHSCHILD WE TRUST 


BELOW:  EVERY HERO IN OUR INDIAN SCHOOL NCERT SOCIAL STUDIES AND HISTORY BOOKS  ( WRITTEN BY R COMMIES ) IS COOKED UP AND BACKDATED BY THIS MAN WHO RULED INDIA --   

THE REAL ONES WERE NOT LOYAL TO BHARATMATA ,  BUT WERE SLAVES OF BIG BROTHER BELOW. 

INDIA WAS NOT RULED BY THE QUEEN OR BRITISH PARLIAMENT - INDIA WAS RULED BY THE OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY- JEW ROTHSCHILD.















BELOW: IT HAS BEEN ROTHSCHILDs STYLE TO "CREATE " HEROES , BEFORE HE LETS THEM LOOSE ( CHURCHILL / GANDHI / MAO/ STALIN  etc)


BELOW : THE MAN WITH A US PASSPORT 



ROTHSCHILD INSERTED BUDDHA AS THE 9TH AVATAR OF LORD VISHNU DELETING LORD AYYAPPA .  FAKE MURALS WERE RETRO-INSTALLED IN ANCIENT HINDU TEMPLES   

BUDDHA WAS A MERE MORTAL WHO STRUGGLED FOR NIRVANA .  

LORD AYYAPPA HAS BOUNCED BACK IN GREAT STYLE AND SABARIMALA PILGRIMAGE IS THE WORLDs NO 1 PILGRIMAGE , BEATING KUMBHMELA / TIPUPATI/ MECCA HAJ etc  BY MILES 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/sabarimala-makaravilakku-three-light.html







ROTHSCHILD GETS A KICK OUT OF PUTTING HIS STOOGES ON HIS CURRENCY NOTES.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/snuff-movies-freemason-benjamin.html


VIKAAAAS MODI NE BOLA HAI-  

GM KELA AUR GM DHAL TANDURUSTI KELIYE ACHCHA HAI. 

STERILE / TERMINATOR GM SEEDS INDIAN FARMER KELIYE ACHCHA HAI . .




BHARAT MA--  NAHI -- BHAAD MEIN GAYE BHARATMATA --

GM KELA KI JAI -- GM DHAL KI JAI -  LANGOT YAAR BAAAAA KI JAI --  LANGOT YAAR BIBEEEE KI JAI  -- MONSANTO KI JAI-  ROTHSCHILD BANK ACCOUNT KI JAI  - RAFALE KI JAI - ISRAEL RIVER INTERLINKING KI JAI-  WHITE REVOLUTION  KI JAI -- BLUE REVOLUTION INDIA KELIYE ACHCHA HAI -- SOLAR POWER, WIND POWER KI JAI -- COAL USE KARNA MATT ,  LANGOT YAAR BAAAAA NAARAAZ HO JAYENGA- BILDERBERG CLUB MEIN MERA NUMBER AAH RAHA HAI -- MEIN VIKAAAAS DOONGA --






NOW LET ME TALK ABOUT THE IMMORALLIE THAT HITLER KILLED 6 MILLION JEWS




— MIND YOU THERE ARE 18  COUNTRIES WITH LAWS TO PUT YOU IN JAIL IF YOU SAY ONLY 5 MILLION JEWS DIED.

Below: Today Zionists and their crypto Jew oil rich desert  Kings create , arm and fund ISLAMIC terrorist organisations to make Sunni and Shias kill each other - by false flag attacks and Hegelian Dialectic . 

In India they make Hindus and Muslims fight each other . 

They vandalise Christian churches and put the blame on Saffron Terror. 



We can trust the First President of Israel , right?   After all, he was made President for being a HARDCORE Zionist supporter.

Chaim Azriel Weizmann ( 1874 – 1952) was a top Zionist leader who became the first President of Israel.

But Weizmann baby fucked it up !

He fucked it up real bad!!



Chaim Azriel Weizmann the future First President of Israel deposed in front of the Peel Commission.

On 25 November 1936, testifying before the Peel Commission, Weizmann said that there were in Europe 6,000,000 Jews ... "for whom the world is divided into places where they cannot live and places where they cannot enter."

He was NOT drunk on Kosher fu#kin' vinegar!

The truth is that there were only 5.4 million Jews in the whole of Europe and Scandinavia in 1939.




The next day he re-inforced his previous day’s statement

QUOTE : Originally Posted by Chaim Weizmann, The (London) Times, November 26th, 1936--
While in Western Europe many individual Jews had happy homes, in Eastern Europe there were 6,000,000 unwanted unfortunates who were condemned to be penned up in places where they could not live. [...] the presence of these 6,000,000 people without a future whose condition was a threat to Europe.  :UNQUOTE

After 15 days he spAke again -

QUOTE:  Originally Posted by Chaim Weizmann, The Jewish Western Bulletin, December 11th, 1936, page 3-   [...] where six million Jews are in a position which is neither life nor death.: UNQUOTE


SO IF HITLER KILLED 6 MILLION JEWS— HOW COME THERE ARE SO MANY JEWS IN ISRAEL ?



THEY FELL FROM HEAVEN  ? 

MOSES DROPPED THEM  ?

AISA KAISA RE !



The sherif of Mecca Hussein was internationally recognized as King of the Kingdom of Hejaz.   Hejaz was the original name of Saudi Arabia.   The Hejaz became independent in 1916, and became Saudi Arabia in 1932  .



His son Faisal had met Weizmann and they had an agreement on mutual aid, conditional on the implementation of Jew  ROTHSCHILDs  British “promises”  to the Arabs ( CHOOTIA BANAYA ).  


Just because the Star of David got 6 points --  Jews have done endless LYING propaganda that 6 million Jews were exterminated by Hitler.


Today the world knows that  this bizarre Jewish fixation on the number 6,000,000 primarily stems from an ancient religious prophecy in the Torah.   

The prophecy envisioned that before the Jewish people could reclaim and reconquer Palestine to establish a Jewish homeland called “Israel”, 6,000,000 Jews would first have to perish in a fiery burnt offering (i.e. “Holocaust”), as a sacrifice to their bloodthirsty tribal deity, YHWH. (See: Weintraub, Ben. The Holocaust Dogma of Judaism: Keystone of the New World Order. Washington, D.C.: Cosmo Pub., 1995.) Jewish author, Benjamen Blech, confirmed this reality in his book “The Secrets of Hebrew Words” (J Aronson Inc., 1991, p. 241), stating,

Jewish prophecies in the Torah require that 6 million Jews must “vanish” before the state of Israel can be formed. “You shall return minus 6 million.”

That’s why Tom Segev, an Israeli historian, declared that the “6 million” is an attempt to transform the Holocaust story into state religion.

Those six million, according to prophecy, had to disappear in “burning ovens”, which the judicial version of the Holocaust now authenticates.  

As a matter of fact, Robert B. Goldmann writes: “. . . without the Holocaust, there would be no Jewish State.”

A simple consequence: Given six million Jews gassed at Auschwitz who ended up in the “burning ovens” (the Greek word holocaust means burned offerings), therefore, the prophecies have now been “fulfilled” and Israel can become a “legitimate state”.




The IMMORAL LIE  of “6,000,000 Jews” being murdered in “gas chambers” and burned up in “ovens” in concentration camps during WWII gave the Jews the impetus and PR ammunition they needed to make their “gallant return” to the “promised land” at the war’s end.  



All Hitler did was to cremate the dead bodies of Typhus dead Jews.








Dr. William B. Lindsey, a research chemist employed for 33 years by the Dupont Corporation, likewise testified in a 1985 court case that the Auschwitz gassing story is technically impossible. Based on a careful on-site examination of the "gas chambers" at Auschwitz, Birkenau and Majdanek, and on his years of experience, he declared: "I have come to the conclusion that no one was willfully or purposefully killed with Zyklon B [hydrocyanic acid gas] in this manner. I consider it absolutely impossible."

WE HINDUS WHO CREMATE OUR DEAD KNOW HOW LONG IT TAKES TO CREMATE A DEAD BODY !




Auschwitz internees who had served their sentences were released and returned to their home countries. If Auschwitz had actually been a top secret extermination center, the Germans would certainly not have released inmates who "knew" what was happening in the camp.




Allied planes dropped large numbers of leaflets, written in Polish and German, on Auschwitz and the surrounding areas which claimed that people were being gassed in the camp.  

The Auschwitz gassing story, which was an important part of the Allied wartime ROTHSCHILDs propaganda effort, was also broadcast to Europe by Allied radio stations







The best known Auschwitz inmate was Anne Frank, who is known around the world for her famous diary.  It was a state secret--  thousands of Jews, including Anne and her father, Otto Frank, "survived" Auschwitz.




Israeli Holocaust historian Yehuda Bauer said in 1989 that it is time to finally acknowledge the familiar SIX million figure is a deliberate myth.  In July 1990 the Auschwitz State Museum in Poland, along with Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust Center, suddenly announced that altogether perhaps one million people (both Jews and NON-non-Jews) died there.



CRYPTO JEW ANGELA MERKEL HELL BENT ON SCREWING HER OWN PEOPLE AND COUNTRY MAYNOT AGREE –

AFTER ALL SHE IS GRATEFUL TO JEW ROTHSCHILD  !



Prominent Holocaust historian, Gerald Reitlinger, has estimated that perhaps 700,000 or so Jews perished at Auschwitz. 




Holocaust historian Jean-Claude Pressac has estimated that about 800,000 persons -- of whom 630,000 were Jewish -- perished at Auschwitz.  While even such lower figures are incorrect, they show how the Auschwitz story has changed drastically over the years

Typhus disease is transmitted by the human body louse, which becomes infected by feeding on the blood of patients with acute typhus fever.  Infected lice excrete rickettsia onto the skin while feeding on a second host, who becomes infected by rubbing louse faecal matter or crushed lice into the bite wound Louse-borne typhus fever is the only rickettsial disease that can cause explosive epidemics.

Let me quote Wikipedia –
QUOTE:  typhus killed hundreds of thousands of prisoners in Nazi concentration camps during World War II: UNQUOTE

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epidemic_typhus

WELL ABOVE IS A JEW CONTROLLED ENCYCLOPEDIA .

ALMOST ALL THE 6 MILLION— SORRY — 650 000 PRISONERS ( JEWS AND NON-JEWS ) WHO DIED IN AUSHWITZ CAMP,  DIED OF TYPHUS .


IF THE ZIONIST DO NOT LIKE IT THEY CAN LUMP IT--  IF BOTH ARE NOT POSSIBLE SHOVE IT UP –  and shove it good !






Oil rich Middle East desert Kingdoms sometimes have assassinations and coups. Pakistan too is included in this list every since US soldiers camped in Afghanistan. No coup can happened unless Rothschild baptizes.



Gen Zia Ul Haq allowed the criminal Jew Pakistani bank to flourish – laundering Heroin money and contraband arms money .  The Muslims in Pakistan still think that BCCI was a Islamic bank and their chest swells up with pride TEE HEEEE.

Indian security agency RAW was about the blow the whistle on Gen Zia Ul Haq ,when this desh bhakt organization was dismantled by our own Indian PM –on pressure from CIA.  

The RAW deep assests were compromised and even today  their families do NOT know what happened , leave alone get compensation.  Morarji Desai was rewarded by a grateful Pakistani President whose ass he saved by a Pakistani Ratna award ( Nishan E Pakistan ).  

Below: Afghan / Pakistani Islamic terrorists/ insurgents leaders are funded by Zionists.


When President Carter reacted to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in December 1979 by shipping arms to the mujahedin guerrillas, Dr. David Musto of the White House Strategy Council on Drug Abuse warned:

"We were going into Afghanistan to support the opium growers in their rebellion against the Soviets. Shouldn't we try to avoid what we had done in Laos?...Are we erring in befriending these tribes as we did in Laos, when Air America, chartered by the Central Intelligence Agency, helped transport crude opium from certain tribal areas? Shouldn't we try to pay the growers if they will eradicate their opium production?"



When massive amounts of  heroin from Afghanistan and Pakistan suddenly poured into America throughout 1979 ( Gen  Zia Ul Haq took over power a few months ago ) , Musto told the White House:

"On the streets, this drug is more potent, cheaper and more available than at any time in the last twenty years," and he warned: "This crisis is bound to worsen."









But Dr. Musto's warnings fell on deaf ears .

The DEA confirmed Mustos's worst fears with reports of a rash of cases involving the movement of Middle Eastern heroin:

Philadelphia and Washington DC both reported an increase of 25% in overdose deaths during the year, and the nation's addict population doubled in three years.

And as supply surged, wholesale prices in Europe fell and purity rose to a new high.



The old Boston Brahmin Opium smugglers ( Rothschild gang ) revived their old Opium connections.





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html









MODI MUST FIND OUT HOW MANY OF INDIAs TOP JUDGES / LAWYERS ARE FREEMASONS ON ROTHSCHILDs PAYROLL. 

IT IS SO EASY TO HANG A ELECTED LEADER .  

IT IS SO EASY TO SEND A ELECTED LEADER TO JAIL ( JAYALALITHAA ) 



Street sales of narcotics in the United States rose by 22% in 1980, while cocaine supply jumped a remarkable 57% to 44 tons, worth $29 billion.

Then came crack cocaine, which reached pandemic proportions in America by the mid-1980s. World opium production tripled from an estimated 1,600 tons in 1982 to 4,700 in 1990.

COCAINE WAS BEING SNORTED IN THE WHITE HOUSE - ROLLED US CURRENCY NOTES WITH COCAINE TRACES  WERE INSIDE MOST DESK CORNERS . 



AFTER A COCAINE SNORT THEY NEEDED FEMALE PROBATIONARY STAFF TO SERVICE THEM FROM UNDER THE TABLE.




A DEA expert stated in June 1990: "It is the tip of the iceberg."



Digression joke:

Once Bill told Bill –you have been so good for USA.
I will lend Monica for a day .
Two days later Clinton asked Monica while she was kneeling under his table  – how was the Gates experience ?
She spAke- NOW I KNOW THE MEANING OF MICROSOFT.


When the failure of the monsoon rains for two consecutive years reduced the Golden Triangle's opium production to a record low in 1980, a network of heroin laboratories opened along the Afghan-Pakistan border to service the global markets opened by the drought in Southeast Asia.

Pakistan's opium production soared to 800 tons, dominating the European market. Pressured by the United States, an important ally, Pakistan's military regime under General Zia ul-Haq imposed an erratic drug suppression effort that drove the country's opium production down to its more normal level of 100-200 tons.

Afghanistan's mujahedin guerrillas correspondingly expanded production in their zones and shipped the raw opium to the Afghan-Pakistan border refineries for processing into heroin.


Soon after President Reagan took office in 1981, the White House offered a $3 billion program of military aid to General Zia's harsh Islamic fundamentalist dictatorship in Pakistan and Zia's military quickly assumed a dominant role in supplying arms to the mujahedin— Pakistani BCCI bank did the money laundering..

General Zia allowed the CIA to open an electronic intelligence station facing the Soviet Union in northern Pakistan and permitted U.S. spy flights over the Indian Ocean from his air bases near the Persian Gulf. 

BELOW:   YOUNG DAVID DE ROTHSCHILD GIVING HIS CLIMATE CHANGE BULL AT ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED " WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM " .  

HE HAS SET SEVERAL SAILING WORLD RECORDS AND IS A WORLD HERO -  LIKE MAO / GANDHI/ CHURCHILL/  STALIN etc -   PSSSSST---  HE HAD HELICOPTERS AND SEAPLANES ATTENDING  .

MAJJA   HAI ! 


BELOW:   ROTHSCHILDs ANNA HAZARE AND AK-47 . 

WEF ECONOMIC FORUM ( TO IMPROVE THE WORLD - SNIFF ! ) WAS FOUNDED BY GERMAN JEW AND ROTHSCHILD STOOGE  SIR KLAUS SCHWAB, A MEMBER OF THE BILDERBERG INNER CLUB.

 



IF ROTHSCHILD CAN CARE FOR THIS PLANET -- WHY CANT YOU ? SNIFF !

 


By 1988, there were an estimated 100 to 200 heroin refineries in the province's Khyber district alone. Pakistan Army trucks arriving with CIA arms from Karachi often returned loaded with heroin - protected from police search by ISI papers.

Both European and Pakistani police were to later report that all investigations of the province's major heroin syndicates, "had been aborted at the highest level."

HERE IS ONE IN THE EYE FOR ALL (JEW ROTHSCHILDs STOOGE) GEN ZIA UL HAQ SUPPORTERS IN PAKISTAN.

The heroin boom under General Zia was so large and uncontrolled that drug abuse swept Pakistan in the early 1980s.

The number of addicts went from a few hundred to more than 1.3 million within three years, one of the world's largest addict populations. Instead of prospering with a bonanza of U.S. aid following the 1979 Soviet invasion, Pakistan was - and still is - destabilized by the immense drug and arms traffic.





CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT BACK TO THE STONE AGE AFGHANISTAN WAS ONCE A PLACE WHERE OUR ANCIENT MAHARISHIS WHO WROTE OUR VEDAS LIVED .  



QUEEN GANDHARI WAS FROM KANDAHAR .

TIME TO DIGRESS :-

http://www.firstpost.com/business/modi-only-bothered-about-grabbing-headlines-economic-policy-directionless-arun-shourie-2223096.html


ARUN SHOURIE IS INDIAs JACK WITH THE MAGIC BEANSTALK BEANS 

SORRY ARUN SHOURIE WE DONT WANT YOUR HELP--   YOU CAN FUCK OFF OR FUCK YOURSELF WHICHEVER IS EASIER !









a village bumpkin was told by his mother to sell their only duck as there was no bread in the house--

while he was going skippety skip to the fair-- he saw a fair girl giving him the glad eye--

she looked at this bulging crotch and spAke -- what a nice duck!

he stopped and said-- "if mE can fuck you, Ya can take this duck"

they fucked-- he gave her the duck-- the girl wanted an encore-- so she said

"if you fuck me once more, i'll give you , your duck back"

while he was fucking her again-- the duck wandered off and got run over by a truck-

seeing him despondant, she said —“ ok, i'll give you twenty dollars for the 2nd fuck"

the bumpkin goes home hoppety hop -- his mother sees him with the limp dead duck under his arm

she cried " what ever happened !!"?

the bumpkin says --let me put it this easy way--

A  FUCK  FOR  A  DUCK
A  DUCK  FOR  A  FUCK
NOW  I  HAVE  TWENNY  BUCKS
AND  A  FUCKED  UP  DUCK !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/word-for-every-occasion-capt-ajit.html



Digression over – getting back !

Rothschild supported the crypo Jew Al Saud dynasty in defeating Hussein bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca of Hashemite dynasty ( who helped end the Ottoman Empire ) and capturing Mecca, Medina, and Jeddah.  

Hussein was then forced to flee to Cyprus, before going to live in Amman, Transjordan, where his son Abdullah was king.  After his abdication, another of his sons, Ali, briefly assumed the throne of the Hejaz, but then he too had to flee from the encroachment of the Saudi forces.  

Another of Hussein's sons, Faisal, was briefly King of Syria and later King of Iraq.   Hussein died in Amman in 1931 and was buried in Jerusalem.

Faisal I bin Hussein bin Ali al-Hashimi, the son of Hussein bin Ali was King of the Arab Kingdom of Syria or Greater Syria in 1920, and was King of Iraq from 23 August 1921 to 1933. On 7 March 1920, Faisal was proclaimed King of the Arab Kingdom of Syria (Greater Syria) by the Syrian National Congress government of Hashim al-Atassi.  

In April 1920, the San Remo conference gave France ( Rothschild ) the mandate for Syria, which led to the Franco-Syrian War. In the Battle of Maysalun on 24 July 1920, the French were victorious and Faisal was expelled from Syria. He went to live in the United Kingdom in August of that year.

In March 1921, at the Cairo Conference, the British decided that Faisal was a good candidate for ruling the British Mandate of Iraq because of his apparent conciliatory attitude towards Rothschild facilitated by T. E. Lawrence. 

But, in 1921, few people living in Iraq even knew who Faisal was or had ever heard his name.  With help of Rothschild’s agents  including Gertrude Bell, he campaigned among the Arabs of Iraq.

Following a plebiscite ( rigged by Rothschild ) showing 96% in favour,Faisal was made  King of Iraq inAugust 1921 .  Saddam Hussian was aware of all this.

King Faisal  was assassinated by Rothchild’s agents  on 8 September 1933, at the age of 48. The official cause of death was a heart attack while he was staying in Bern, Switzerland, for his general medical checkup. He was succeeded on the throne by his oldest son Ghazi.

Ghazi bin Faisal  was the King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Iraq from 1933 to 1939 having been briefly Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Syria in 1920. He was born in Mecca (in present-day Saudi Arabia), the only son of Faisal I, ( son of Hussein ) the first King of Iraq.

On the same day, Ghazi was appointed Admiral of the Fleet in the Royal Iraqi Navy, Field Marshal of the Royal Iraq Army, and Marshal of the Royal Iraqi Air Force  .   Ghazi's reign was characterized by tensions between civilians and the army, which sought control of the government. 

He supported General Bakr Sidqi in his coup, which replaced the civilian government with a military one. This was the first coup d'état to take place in the modern Arab world. He put forth a claim for Kuwait to be annexed to Iraq to set a wrong , right.   

Ghazi  was assassinated by Rothschild in 1939 in a mysterious accident involving a sports car that he was driving. DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES.  The idea of merging Kuwait with Iraq was shot down.


Faisal, Ghazi's only son, succeeded him as King Faisal II.  Because Faisal was under age, Prince Abdul Ilah served as Regent until 1953. Faisal II   was the last King of Iraq. He reigned from 4 April 1939 until July 1958, when he was murdered during the 14 July Revolution together with numerous members of his family.  

This regicide marked the end of the thirty-seven-year-old Hashemite monarchy in Iraq, which then became a republic.  King Faisal was the model used by Belgian comic writer Hergé for his character Prince Abdullah of Khemed in The Adventures of Tintin.


Like I said , every king of the desert oil kingdoms play ball with Rothschild.  If they do NOT , there is a price to pay. 

For example in June 1995 King Sheikh Khalifa bin Hamad al-Thani of Qatar was vacationing in Geneva, Switzerland ( on invitation from Rothschild bankers ) when his Cambridge-educated son Hamad bin Khalifa seized the reins of power in a Zionist sponsored palace coup.

During Hamad 's rule, Qatar hosted two US military bases.  He funded the anti-Gaddafi rebel movement. He also funded the anti-Assad rebels in Syria .


The Sheikh founded news media group Al Jazeera, through which he maintained his crypto Jew PRO-ISRAEL desert king influence. French Rothschild awarded him the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour and the Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour .


President Anwar Sadat of Egypt got a Nobel prize for sucking up to Israel and recognizing the illegitimate nation.

King of Jordan Hussein bin Talal ruled from 1952 to his death in 1999 ( 46 years ). He was a stooge of Rothschild and he was the second Arab head of state to recognize Israel.

King Talal's son, Crown Prince Hussein, was proclaimed King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan on 11 August 1952, succeeding at the young age of 16. His father was declared MAD by Jewish doctors.

King Hussein married a British Jewess Toni Gardiner. He was a great friend of Jews and a womanizer when he went to Europe. Zionists provided him with honeypots.

Jewess Toni Gardiner’s  son Abdullah II ibn al-Hussein is now the king of Jordan —he looks like a Jew rather than an Arab.   

King Abdullah II ibn al-Hussein is a member of the committee of 300 whose members include Rothschild, Rockefeller, Oppenheimer, Goldsmid, Mocatta, Montefiore, Sassoon, Warburg, Samuel, Kadoorie, Franklin, Worms, Stern and Cohen families.

His wife is Queen Rania who has 3,480,000 followers on Twitter- as she is attractive and born to a very wealthy crypto Jew Tulkarm Palestinian doctor in Kuwait.   



She is a darling of Zionists as she wears Western miniskirts . Oprah asked her "is Hijab necessary or just a choice in Islam?" .  She replied  "it's a traditional dress and not compulsory".  



In 1993 Rania Al Yassin who worked at Citibank and Apple was introduced by Zionists to Prince Abdullah II bin al-Hussein at a party and the two were married six months later.



King Hussein should have passed on the kingdom to his brother Crown Prince Hassan bin Al-Talal—but Jew Rothschild arm twisted him to pass the kingdom to his Jewish son, Abdullah II ibn al-Hussein, who is ruling Jordan right now.  

Prince Hassan made the mistake of marrying a woman Sarvath Ikramullah, with Bengali parents ( whose ancestors had Hindu DNA ) –Sorry Jewish DNA is what is required –NOT Hindu or Muslim. Sarvath’s paternal uncle, Mohammad Hidayatullah, was Vice-President of India.

Same way the British royalty is now Jewish as both Princess Diana and her son William’s  wife Kate are Jewish. 



King Hussein’s mother Zein al-Sharaf Talal was the grand daughter of Turkish Donmeh Jew Shakir Pasha.

Rothschild had arm twisted King Hussein to give a tearful speech at the Funeral of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin .

Jewess Toni Gardiner was thrust on to King Hussein by Zionists when she was working as Secretarial Assistant on the sets of the famous film  "Lawrence of Arabia" during its shooting in Jordon. 



Toni baby kept throwing herself at King Hussein- 




Hussein then  took personal interest in the shooting and provided Jordanian Army personnel to work in the film because "he had high regard"  for British Agent T.E. Lawrence, who helped his grandfather King Abdullah I to grab power.  




In India we know how an Italian waitress WITH 100% FOREIGN WHITE DNA ruled India as SUPER PRIME MINISTER by using NAC, right ?





Abdullah I, born in Mecca was  the son of Sherif Hussein bin Ali, Sharif and Emir of Mecca of Ottomon Caliphate.   From 1909 to 1914, Abdullah I sat in the Ottoman legislature, as deputy for Hejaz.

Around 1915,  Mulsim Abdullah-I hatched a conspiracy against Muslim Ottoman empire in collusion with Rotshchild controlled British Government. During World War I,  he led Rothschild mercenary and arms supported guerrilla raids on Ottoman garrisons, in close cooperation with British Spy T. E. Lawrence .

Talal bin Abdullah came to power after the assassination of his Father King Abdullah I,  on July 20, 1951.  However, he was forced to surrender power to his son Hussein bin Talal  on 11 August 1952 on FAKE mental health reasons.

When Hitler sent his No 2 Hess to England before WW2 to stop the world war , Rothschild stooge Jew Churchill declared Hess mad.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

Before the 1973 war, King Hussain secretly informed Israel that Egypt and Syria were planning to attack Israel which help Israel to win that war.

If people of Jordan wish to know of Toni Gardiners Jewish bloodline
http://www.wargs.com/royal/muna.html

There are pictures of King Hussein with Toni Gardiner at the age of 18 at a fancy dress party arranged by Zionists.

King Hussein attended the party in a pirate’s outfit.  Honey trap Toni Gardiner threw herself at him and spAke: “It makes you look rather scruffy, Your Majesty.”   

King Hussein would write later  “For the first time in my life, here was a girl who took an interest in me as a human being and not as a King.”

SNIFF !

Her father Col. Walter Percy Gardiner was a Rothschild agent in Jordan.  Rothschild planes decades in advance when it comes to honey traps.

King Hussein married Toni Gardiner in 1961; she converted to Islam and became HRH Princess Muna Al-Hussein.

Following their marriage, her father’s military career with the British Army In Jordan  came to an end –  MISSION PARTLY ACCOMPLISHED.  

But hey , Papa Col Walter Percy Gardiner was promoted major-general in the Jordanian Armed Forces, a title which prompted friends and colleagues to refer to him affectionately as “the Pasha”.

MISSION FULLY ACCOMPLISHED when Jewess Toni Gardiner’s Jewish bloodline started ruling Jordan.

JORDAN IS NOW A JEW RULED STATE --  Prince Abdullah Ibn Hussein, was crowned King of Jordan in 1999.

Below: Mother Toni Gardiner ( Ex-Queen Munna Al Hussein ), Grandpa Walter Percy Gardiner, current King of Jordan Abdullah II, wife Queen Rania -- 

How many of you think these royals will ever go against Israel in DEEDS ( not words ) 

MAJJA HAI --

PUBLIC KO KUCCHCH NAHI PATA 



Below: GABBAR SINGH KO KUCH NAHI PATA !   GOLI KIDHAR HAI ,  KIDHAR NAHI HAI --


It is NOT right for people like Rahul Gandhi to be missing for two months in foreign countries.



Let me Quote Jew mouth piece Wikipedia –

QUOTE “   The two countries have had official diplomatic relations since the 1994 signing of the Israel–Jordan peace treaty. Jordanian King Abdullah views Israel as a vital regional ally in the Middle East.[1].

In 2010, when the government of Jordan sought permission from international governments to produce nuclear fuel for use in Jordanian power plants, Israel objected, citing the unstable political nature of the Middle East. In light of the Israeli objection the request for United States approval was denied.[5] : UNQUOTE

Below: Checking DNA is NOT necessary-- check the Jewish eyes of the King !

Official statistics claim that no Jews live in Jordan, less that 1% Shia/ Sufi ,  Christians 5% and rest Sunni Muslims.


MAJJA HAI !






SHHHHH -- ZIONISTS AT WORK !


HEY WANT HAPPENS IS MUSLIM JORDANIAN PEOPLE DECLARE END OF CRYPTO JEW ROYALTY AND START DEMOCRATIC RULE ?    

PAAGAL KUTHA KATTA HAI KYA ?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel%E2%80%93Jordan_relations




Al Jazeera does NOT respect the apirations of the oppressed Muslim citizen in the oil rich kingdoms of the Middle East.  It is a state media owned by the royal bloodline of Qatar which is PRO Al Saud Wahabbi.  

Al Jazeera seldom broadcast extremist Salafi's ( Wahabbi of Al Saud )  attacks on the cultural heritage in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria, which can be attributed to the Salafi beliefs of its owners . 

It also never broadcasts anything even remotely critical of Qatar's ruling bloodline family, including human right violations or the abuse of immigrant workers in Qatar. 

Al Jazeera can be recognized as an apparatus of the Qatari elites to exert influence over the region via propagation of political Islam combined with Salafism .

WikiLeaks as part of the 2010 diplomatic cables leak, proved that the Qatar royals  manipulates Al Jazeera coverage to suit selfish political interests. 

Qatar-owned Al Jazeera television network became the “primary ideological and communication network” for the Muslim Brotherhood and Salafists during the Arab Spring in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya , Yemen, and Syria in 2011—

VERY CLEVERLY AL JAZEERA  SUPPORTS ISRAEL AND ZIONISTS .

Bahraini citizens clamoured the station was biased towards Israel and the crypto Rothschild chosen royal bloodline of Bahrain – but was anti- Muslim .  Thee president of Bahrain Centre for Human Rights, criticized Al Jazeera's coverage of the Bahraini uprising-"Al Jazeera's intentional ignoring for coverage of Bahrain protests makes me strongly believe that we need channels that are sponsored by people rather than by CRYPTO JEW regimes"

According to the media of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Al-Jazeera worked on behalf Western countries and those of the Gulf Cooperation Council in promoting their policies against Libya. It explained that Al-Jazeera worked to "disseminate falsehoods and lies to incite international public opinion."

The Qatari Zionist darling Emir, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, opposed Libya's government and supported Libya's armed revolt in 2011, providing the rebels with significant military support and funding. 

Qatar's emir ordered Al-Jazeera to emphasize Libya's conflict in the channel's coverage, which contributed to the spread of the insurgency and influenced the Arab world's views on Libya. Within a week of the start of the rebellion in Libya against the Libyan Government, Al-Jazeera started using the rebels' tricolor flag to mark its coverage.

Qatar's emir appeared on Al-Jazeera and urged that military intervention in Libya was necessary. Al-Jazeera's journalists were criticized for not challenging the emir over his position.

Everybody knows that the crypto JEW royal kings of the middle east has funded ISIS.  So much of human suffering took places. 

Al-Jazeera has been criticized over unfair coverage of the Syrian civil war. The channel's reporting has been described as largely supportive of the EVIL rebels, while demonizing the Assad Syrian government.

LIKE OUR JUDAS INDIAN MEDIA AL JAZEERA IS BENAMI 


The Lebanese newspaper As-Safir cited outtakes of interviews showing that the channel's staff coached Syrian eyewitnesses and fabricated reports of oppression by Syria's government. It refers to leaked internal e-mails suggest that Al-Jazeera has become subordinated to the Qatari emir's assertive foreign policy, which supports Syria's rebels and advocates military intervention in the country.



In March 2012, Al-Jazeera correspondents Ali Hashim and two others resigned from their jobs because of objections over the reporting on the conflict. They reported that Al-Jazeera paid $50,000 for smuggling phones and satellite communication tools to Syria's rebels. Hashim concluded, “The channel was taking a certain stance. It was meddling with each and every detail of reports on the Syrian revolution.


Ahmad Ibrahim, who is in charge of the Al-Jazeera's coverage on Syria, is the brother of a leading member of the rebels' "Syrian National Council". Al-Jazeera reportedly put pressure on its journalists to use the term "martyr" for slain Israeli armed Syrian rebels, but not pro-government forces.

BELOW: THIS IS WHAT INDIAN BENAMI MEDIA AND THEIR FOREIGN SUPARI  FED PRESSTITUTES DO .



Al Jazeera English's former director, Wadah Khanfar resigned in September 2011 following Wikileaks documents that asserted that he had close ties to AIPAC and Jews in U.S. and agreed to remove content if ADL/ AIPAC/ US objected.

Russian RT, criticized Al Jazeera and asserted that the Wikileaks documents concerning Wadah Khanfar prove that Al Jazeera is pro-JEW and pro- Zionists.


krazzy desiMay 14, 2015 at 8:16 PM
Hi captain,
Are Pashtun people of Afganistan/Pakistan decendents of Jews?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theory_of_Pashtun_descent_from_Israelites
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 14, 2015 at 9:24 PM
hi kd,

i am afraid if i write about this lot of pakistani ICONS will get stoned to death.

so i will just touch upon it.

i ask for a DNA test of malala yousafzai youngest ever nobel prize laureate-- SHE WILL HAVE JEWISH DNA.

among pashtun crypto jewish tribes YOUSAF is JOSEPH.

the yusufzai bloodlines in India in rohilkhand / tonk areas are sub sects of rohilla community.

the yousafzai established their own yusafzai state of swat under the leadership of akhund abdul ghaffur. sayyid akbar shah, was the first emir.

sorry imran khan ! let pakistanis know why jewess jemima chose you--and why zionists want you to rule pakistan

i would have revealed thus from 95% onwards -- you made me reveal it at 6%.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 


BENE ISRAELI WAZIRI JEW IS PASHTUN




NOOR INAYAT KHAN WAS PASHTUN — SHE WAS A JEW.



JEWS ARE DESPERATE TO MIX THEIR BLOOD -  TO REPAIR THEIR WARPED DNA WHICH CAUSES HOMOSEXUALITY, SENILITY, MEANNESS , COLOUR BLINDNESS , ALLERGIES , INFERTILITY , IMPOTENCY , PMS SUFFERING, TERRIBLE DISEASES CHRONs etc 





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/noor-inayat-khan-new-mata-hari-reloaded.html





Why did crypto Jew Qatar give refuge to MF Husain? – On orders from R !.

Rothschild controls the art world and the prices of painting—a bizarre way of making money. 

Rothschild monopolized art magazines and his art critic stooges and his monopolized art auction houses decide the worth of a painting.  

This is how MF Hussain s bullshit art became so famous and pricey.

Sai Baba of Shirdi though a Mulsim who did Namaz 5 times a day and was buried as per Muslim rites ( his dargah exists ) kept praising Rothschild created VIHTOBA, VITTALA, PANDURANGA  . 
TRIPLE SRI set his Guiness bokk of world records in Vithoba temples.   

Yesterday I saw this Saibaba of Shirdi Bollywood  movie in bits and pieces on cable TV—it is impossible to sit though the bullshit.

Rothschild made Pandharpur the No 1 pilgrimage centre of Maharashtra.  

Nobody heard of Pandharur till the white invader came to India and CREATED the Vithoba god and made a temple. 

Pandharpur had large number of CHITPAVAN JEWS.   

Pandharpur is one of the most prominent pilgrimage places in Maharashtra at the banks of the Bhima river named after Pundalik –a Rothschild creation

Rothschild created and backdated several FAKE saints to sustain the glory of FAKE Pandharpur Hinduism rivaling Kashi ( Benaras ).    

Rothschild injected FAKE Vithoba.Vittala, Panduranga in our Puranas.  

Rothschild created several FAKE Vasihnava saints ( divide and rule ) , none of whom we Indians heard of till the white invader came to India. 

Some of them are Purandara Dasa, Vijaya Dasa, Gopala Dasa, and Jagannatha Dasa. 

EVERY DASA IS A FAKE .  

The main DASAS are Kalidasa, Tulsidasa, Kabrirdasa, Ramdasa, Ravidasa .

How many of you heard of a Chitapavan Jew nay Brahmin who elevated to the rank of Maharishi? 

Maharishi Karve  ( Dhondo Keshav Karve) was converted into a saint , and he was running a destitute women’s institution , from which he took his own wife and also provided “nautch girls” to the white men ? 

The Government of India awarded Chitpavan Brahmin Maharishi Dhondo Keshav Karve its highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna, in 1958.

Durga Bhagwat ( one of the most respected women of integrity in India ) has written a damning indictment of Maharishi Karve, alleging that he--
-- “ preyed on young attractive women who were vulnerable, facing hard times, and tried to put them under debt of gratitude so that they would be drawn into his coterie for life, looking heartlessly upon them as possible recruits in his social mission “. 

Chitpavan Jew nay brahmin Justice Ranade was the founding member of Indian National Congress the stooge organization of Rothschild – all filled with pseudo freedom fighters.

Fake dasa verses are packed into Guru Granth Sabib, the holy book of the Sikhs.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

ROTHSCHILD GOT FREE SEX FOR HIS WHITE TROOPS ( WHORE HOSUES ) FROM HINDU GIRLS AS SOON AS THEY GOT THEIR FIRST PERIODS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

Rothschild got his Chitpavan Brahmin stooges to inject into Skanda Purana , the name ‘Panduranga’ as a synonym for ‘Vitthala’.

Nobody ever heard of  Vitthala and Pandharpur before the Chitpavan Jews of Pandharpur started re-writing local history—back dating every thing by several centuries.

Every Maharashtrian is now familiar with the term ‘Varkari’  .  A Varkari is one who religiously performs the vari (pilgrimage) to Pandharpur on foot, especially during the months of Ashadha (mid June to mid July) and Kartika (mid October to mid November).   

Many people go on pilgrimages, but the term ‘Varkari’ has got exclusively associated with the pilgrimage to Pandharpur—as it was made famous by Rothschild stooges .

Rothschild even got his stooges to write a back dated Panduranga-shataka-stotra composed by Adi Shankaracharya ( 2000 BC ) referring to our man Pundlalika .

The fake white historian records that that King Krishnadeva Raya of Vijayanagar had the image of Panduranga taken to Hampi, to prevent desecration by Muslim invaders.  The absence of the deity sent the whole of Pandharpur into a pall of gloom gloom  like Jughead’s  Hot Dog.

So then , who brough it back? Well, it was Paithankar BhanuDAS  Maharaj who brought back the deity to Pandharpur.

LIKE A DIABOLICAL SERIAL KILLER ROTHSCHILD PUT DASAS ALL OVER AS A SIGNATURE—PAKAD GAYA BY A BLOGGER.

Rothschild the Jew attacked not only Hindus with the Devadasi prostitutes wedded to Goddess Yellama’s idol,  but they did the same to Muslims too. 

But here there was a small difference .

The Muslim prostitute was wedded to the Koran, as per the LYING white historian .

After the Nikah is performed, the girl is called as 'bibi' and is condemned to lead a life of prostitution. 

THIS IS WHERE OUR CELEBRATED PAINTER A SULEMANI CRYPTO JEW MUSLIM  MF HUSSAIN BORN IN PANDHARPUR COMES IN.  

THE CRYPTO JEW KING OF QATAR WAS ASKED BY ROTHSCHILD TO GIVE THIS CRYPTO JEW SULEMANI MUSLIM PAINTER MF HUSSEIN  REFUGE AFTER HINDUS GOT WILD SEEING THIS IMMORAL MAN PAINT HINDU GODS IN SEXUAL ORGIES INCLUDING INCEST

We in Calicut know King Solomon of Israel as 3000 years ago he did trade with the Calicut King –his mother was a Namboodiri woman , Bath Sheba.

The modern version of Koran  recognizes Solomon as a prophet and a divinely-appointed monarch.

LIKE I SAID I WONT REVEAL MUCH AS MUSLIMS ARE NOT READY TO HEAR ANYTHING ADVERSE  OR POISON INJECTIONS BY JEW ROTHSCHILD USING HIS CRYPTO JEW DESERT KINGS , ABOUT KORAN AND HADITH.

So I would rather quote JEW controlled Wikipedia. Like how Wikipedia screwed Hindusim, they have screwed Islam too—MUCH MORE !

QUOTE:
Islam views Solomon as one of the elect of God, who was bestowed upon with many God-given gifts, including the ability to speak to animals[2] and control jinn.[3] Muslims further maintain that Solomon remained faithful to a one and only God throughout his life;[4] constructed the Temple of Solomon, which became one of the key houses of worship; reigned justly over the whole of the Kingdom of Israel; was blessed with a level of kingship which was given to none after him;[5] and fulfilled all of his commandments, being promised nearness to God in Heaven at the end of his life.[6] Solomon remains one of the most commemorated and popular holy figures in Islam.

The Quran narrates that the wind was made subservient to Solomon,[3] and he could control it of his own will, and that the jinn also came under Solomon's control. The jinn helped strengthen Solomon's reign, building for him monuments, houses of worship, artwork, and reservoirs.[11] God also caused a miraculous spring of liquid brass to flow for Solomon, inevitably to be used by the jinn in their construction.[3] Solomon was even taught the languages of various animals, in particular all the birds. 

The Quran recounts that, one day, Solomon and his army entered a valley, where there were many ant colonies. On seeing Solomon and his army, one of the ants warned all the others to "...get into your habitations, lest Solomon and his hosts crush you (under foot) without knowing it."[12] Immediately understanding what the ant said, Solomon, as always, prayed to God, thanking Him for bestowing upon him such gifts[13] and further avoided trampling over the ant colonies.[14] 

Solomon's wisdom, however, was yet another of the gifts he received from God, and Muslims strongly maintain that Solomon never forgot his daily prayer, which, to him, was more important than any of his gifts.

According to the Quran, the death of Solomon was a lesson to be learned,

Then, when We decreed (Solomon's) death, nothing showed them his death except a little worm of the earth, which kept (slowly) gnawing away at his staff: so when he fell down, the Jinn saw plainly that if they had known the unseen, they would not have tarried in the humiliating Penalty (of their Task).

—Quran, sura 34 (Saba), ayah 14[18]

When Solomon was to die, he stood up in prayer holding his cane. There he silently died, but, by God's will, did not fall. He remained in this position, and everyone including the jinn thought that he was still alive. Finally God ordered a termite to weaken the cane so that the body of Solomon fell. It was thereafter believed that the jinn (along with all humans) did not know everything and only God had knowledge of all.

: UNQUOTE

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solomon_in_Islam

Below:    Art by Yemeni Najran  Sulemani Bohra Maqbool Fida Husain.


Below: Laxmi , the wife of Lord Vishnu with son of Shiva Lord Ganapati.   Note the reversals here the U Vaishnava mark is on Ganapati's head.



Below: Lord Hanuman shocked to see his lord Sri Ram's wife Sita sitting on Ravana's lap NUDE preening her hair.



Below : Hindu god Lord Ganesha ( son of Shiva ) reduced to doorman for his painting exhibition.


Below : An orgy of Hindu gods- one god is holding the Sudarshan Chakra during the orgy . Lord Ganesha is servicing from the bottom of the divine heap.  The blue tinted Hindus goddess is wearing western stockings,  like in porn movies .


Below: Lord Hanuman never touched pure Sita , if he had done that there would be NO Ramayana war -- but here a nude Sita is impaled on his tail .   Sita taking a joy ride while Hanuman sets Lanka on fire.


Below: When MF Hussian was sure of a Shiv Sena called police raid -- he destroyed most of his Hindu god sexual orgy paintings .  

Some huge murals -  he just hacked off his signature at the bottom of the canvas to withhold evidence -and blackened mural faces .  

Here check out unimaginable sexual perversion -- Shiva lingam is depicted as a GLORY HOLE.  Black raven ( Pitru Shradh symbol ) are feeding off lesbian fluids -- who have ignored the male call.( erect penis with THIRD EYE through glory hole )  




Below : Lord Ganesha is never shown with multi-arms -- sarcasm at its best.



Below: Goddess Durga astride a tiger facing reverse holding the tiger by the tail-- an arrow self impaled into her neck -- sarcasm at its best.



Below: Bharatmata being raped by Lord Shiva's bull Nandi.--will any Indian loyal to the WATAN ever paint this ?


Below: Peeping tom Lord Hanuman is aghast as to what Lakshman ( brother of blue skinned Lord Rama ) doing to his sister in law Sita.


Rothschild sponsored MF Hussian in Zurich as early as 1951.  

Rotshchild introduced him to another crypto Jew Painter  Pablo Picasso-you can see photos of them together at the Brazilian Sao Paulo Biennial .

MF Hussian used Chitpavan “Brahmin” Madhuri Dixit as a object in his art. 




Rotshchild controlled Christies and other auctionhouses out a base price of millions of Dollars for Hussain’s bullshit art.  

When crypto Jew MF Hussian painted Bharatmata nude and there was a Hindu furore , Rothschild got for him Qatari citizenship.


Hindus and Muslims were wedged apart by this bullshit painter- whom moth eaten faced 5 star activist celebrities call ANGEL Hussien SAAB on TV prime time.  



At the age of 92 MF Husain was to be given the prestigious Raja Ravi Varma award by the Kerala Syrian JEW nay Christian government of Kerala. 

Raja Ravi Varma was a Kerala royal who regularized the FAKE Rothschild created and back dated KaliDSA and his FAKE Radha, the mistress of Lord Krishna.

Below: If you paint something like ( Akram Hussain ) this our Supreme court does NOT mind-- but if you say anything against Rothschild stooge Gandhi , you will be punished.



BELOW: ANGEL HUSSAIN SAHEB'S BIGGEST ADMIRER AND DEVOTEE .  

BENAMI MEDIA THOSE DAYS GAVE MAXIMUM FREE PRIME TIME TO ANY SUPPORTER OF MF HUSSIAN--  ROTHSCHILD GAVE REWARDS-- 

NOW THE FREE AIR TIME IS WRANGLED BY MOTH EATEN FACES WHO SUPPORT HOMOSEXUAL MARRIAGES. 



WHY DID ROTHSCHILD MEDIA GIVE BULLSHIT MOVIE MADE BY CRYPTO JEW FROM PANDHARPUR , MF HUSSIANs GAJA GAMINI SUCH RAVE REVIEWS ?  

BECAUSE THIS MOVIE REGULARISED KALIDASA AND SHAKUNTALA --BOTH ROTHSCHILDs FAKE AND BACK DATED CREATIONS. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kalidasa-did-not-exist-jainism-is.html



BELOW: PRITISH NANDYs HEART BLEEDS -- THIS BALD MAN HAD PRAISED SAVITA BHABHI TO THE SKIES.

Check out what Pritish Nandi told about Savita Bhabhi-  a most vulgar porn toon --  a Hindu wife having sex with every body behind her husband's back - orgies with small school boys playing cricket , vendors who ring the call bell , with dirty servants etc 

http://blogs.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/extraordinaryissue/the-assassination-of-savita-bhabhi/

THE IMMORAL SEX REVOLVED AROUND HER HINDU MIDDLE CLASS  ,  HER HINDU MANGAL SUTRA, HER HINDU SINDHOOR 







ANGEL MF Hussein SAAB dared NOT paint the face of Prophet Mohammad – but he revels in painting Hindu gods in immoral and MOST FOUL sexual poses. 

The poor Indian, eating one half-meal a day, has only his Gods for rooting himself, and shunning easy way out stealing , prostitution and crime .   

At every literary meet Pickle Johns and Chutney Marys would go GA GA about ANGEL MF Hussain.

The BENAMI media would praise him and call Hindus who objected as SAFFRON TERRORISTS .




It is only May 12th –  but Wahabi Saudi Arabia on Tuesday carried out its 80th beheading of the year—for possession of Marijuana .

This world will legalise Cannabis/ Marijuana  in another two years— MARK MY WORDS !

, http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html

Below : CRYPTO JEW Pashtun girl Malala Yousafzai giving her Nobel acceptance speech. Almost all the Pakistanis HATE this girl .  But Zionists have great plans for her . Who know she might be the President of Pakistan one day. She is being trained in public speaking by Zionist tutors.



Below: CRYPTO JEW Kuwaiti girl  
The lying girl Nayirah's was actually the daughter of Saud bin Nasir Al-Sabah, the crypto Jew Kuwaiti ambassador to the United States.  She was coached by the US public relations firm "Hill and Knowlton" to give persuasive false testimony. And she turned out to be terrific actress on debut.




LATE NEWS: ONE OF MY FRIENDS ASKED ME HOW I AM SO SURE THAT PAKISTANI PASHTUN GIRL  MALALA IS A CRYPTO JEW.

I WILL PROVIDE PROOF !

I HAVE SAILED WITH FEW PAKISTANI KHAN OFFICERS.  ALL GOOD HONORABLE MEN.

THIS IS SOMETHING I RESEARCHED 34 YEARS AGO ,  WHEN I HAD A KERALA OFFICER BY THE NAME OF KESH - WHO WAS EXTREMELY MEAN.



For starters let us see how grievously wounded Malala was as tom tommed by Rothschild’s meda.   Note the colour and shade of her Salwar top and Salwar bottom.

Check out the girl’s dress colour who is being shielded by a man in white kurta ( her father ) , while running to the waiting US helicopter.

We Indians who are familiar with women’s salwar know the PROBABILITY of the same colour and shade – something as rare as FNA test of Bill Clinton’s white goeey spot on Monica Lewsinsky’s dress  front.

Check out the violet salwar top of the Pashtun girl Malala 


Check out the red Salwar bottom


Check out the girl who is being shielded from cameras by a man in white kurta while running towards the helicopter.


Was she the first woman or girl ever wounded in Pakistan ? 

Below : Justifying the MOST FOUL drone attacks in Pakistan by Zionists  !


 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/dance-of-terror-drones-whither-honour.html




Why the HOO HAAAA by Rothschild's media ?



Below: Why was this Afghan Pashtun girl Sharbat Gula made so famous by Rothschild media in 1985 - a photo taken by Steve Mc Curry ?   Only because she had Jewish DNA.  





I sailed with a Pakistani Pashtun KHAN officer .   He once told me that he and his sister ( when they were less than 10 years of age )  used to piss off their great grandfather  .  

The old man would get into a roaring rage and would shout at them --

YOU BANI ISRAEL , SHUT UP !

In the Bollywood movie Gadhar Ek Prem Katha , Amrish Puri and family have fled to Pakistan and are rabidly anti- India and anti-Hindu.   He has a relative who at the most inopportune moment would cry out in great joy- HINDUSTAN ZINDABAD.   

During the freedom struggle he got whacked on the head by a British lathi, and ever since that he gets confused if he is Pakistan or still in India , like in the good old days- a time warp . This scene is so dang hilarious .



Hardly anybody in Pakistan cares for Malala Yousafzai who is the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate – a heroine created by Zionists. All her speech lines are prepared and given to her to mug up and spit it out to a stage managed western crowd. 

The yarn is that one bullet hit the left side of Yousafzai's forehead, travelled under her skin through the length of her face, and then went into her shoulder.  Her crypto Jewish father Ziauddin Yousafzai  is the United Nations Special Advisor on Global Education and also the educational attaché of Pakistan in its consulate in Birmingham, UK.  

We are touched !

Malala’s ancestors were stooges of Rothschild .  Just like how the Chitpavan Jews- nay—Brahmins worked behind the scenes for Jew Rothschild , same way the crypto Jew Pashtuns which includes SONS OF JOSEPH ( Yusafzai ) formed a political party Khudai Khidmatgar which did the same thing.

Pashtun crypto Jew Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan worked closely with Gandhi.  His father crypto Jew Bahram Khan worked for Rothschild and was very wealthy.  Pakistani citizen Khan Abdul Gaffar Khan was given Bharat Ratna in 1987.  

Malala will be the new female torch bearer of a revived Khudai Khidmatgar the AHIMSA “ Islamic “arm of Gandhi. But the Malala HEGELIAN DIALECTIC willnot work— as Pakistanis know her Pashtun Jewish connections.

The Yūsufzai, (Yousafzai ) is one of the member tribes of the great Sarban Confederation of the Pashtun people.  They are found in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan, and in some eastern parts of Afghanistan. They have historically been crypto Jews who observe Jewish rituals and customs.



The Jews have given her the “Anne Frank Trust” award.  They screwed up real bad .   



Malala  who lisps READY MADE BY ZIONIST lines to fool Muslim Pakistanis  is as FAKE as Anne Frank , created by Rothschild to push the SIX MILLION JEWS KILLED BY HITLER false story.

For tom tomming that the Jew Rabbi met his end at Chabad house Mumbai VERY BRAVELY, the Kerala Syrian Jew nay Christian maid was absorbed into Israel .  Her husband died in a strange manner.

She kept saying in an unsolicited manner , that she heard the Rabbi telling terrorists SHOOT ME !

So brave !

SNIFF !



Malala wants to be a politician when she grows up according to the Washington Post. Who knows she may be the youngest Pakistani President.  

Poor Pakistanis have always been ruled by Jew stooges—the reason why Pakistan is down in the dumps , hated by the world . Pakistani media is JEW 

Rothschild  controlled.  Mind you there are more Muslims in India than in Pakistan and they are as smart as Indians. The descendants of some ancient Maharishis are now Muslim Pakistanis.

Zionists made Malala their mouthpiece for the Nigerian Schoolgirl kidnapping hoax.  Malala  spAke to CNN: “ Kidnapped Nigerian girls are my sisters”

Millions of Muslim children have been massacred in Pakistan, Iraq, Palestine etc – but only Jew Malala gets the Zionist media coverage.

By the way Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani is a crypto Jew Reuben. Pakistanis are still wondering why Zionists loves her.

Hina made 14 year old Malala a great heroine.  

She told the Zionist media  “ The Pakistani government had offered to protect Malala previously, but the Yousafzai family refused.  In Pakistan today, Malala Yousafzai has probably done what many military operations could also not achieve: she has put it as a black-and-white question: either you're with the future that Malala represents or you are with the future that they are trying to impose.”



At that time I had predicted (and told my wife ) that Malala would be turbo boosted by Rothschildmedia to be a great brave heroine ( the way Rothschild does ) and would be awarded the Nobel peace Prize within 2 years .

A century ago Pathans would NOT cut their sidelocks (peot), like the Jews - in accordance with the Torah command, ‘Don’t shave the sides of your head’ (Leviticus 19).



Pashtun Dilip Kumar ( Mohammad Yusuf Khan ) born in Peshawar was honoured by Pakistan honoured him with its highest civilian honour Nishan-e-Imtiaz.   Devika Rani gave him a break.  She hold the record for the longest kiss in movies ( 240 seconds ) with Himanshu Rai.

Crypto Jew Pashtun Madhubala (Mumtaz Jehan Dehlavi Yusufzai ) and Dilip Kumar made a good pair and Pathans loved their movies prior independence


By the way, when Meena kumari  (Mahjabeen Bano ) was born a Chitpavan Jew doctor Dr Gadre refused to part with the baby as her father did NOT give the full fees. She was left in a Muslim orphanage for a while, till her father borrowed money and claimed the child..

Till 70 years ago Pathans would take the blood of the animal just slaughtered and stain the main door of the house with blood- a Bani Israel custom.

The Pushtuns ( Pukhtuns/ Pathans ) have the custom of circumcision on the 8th day.  This is a well known Jewish custom, and is indeed the oldest Jewish tradition.   Muslims have the custom of circumcision as well but it is not required to be necessarily on the 8th day - nor it is requires as per Koran.

KESH SURNAME IN KERALA ARE BENE ISRAEL JEWS 

Pushtun Tribes are the actual descendants of Kesh ( Qais / Kish) , and therefore descendants from the line of the kings of ancient united Israel.   Kesh was from Judah and later exiled into ancient Assyria, Persia (ancient Khurasan) and later into current day Afghanistan and Pakistan.

Many Afghans consider Qais (Kesh) as their  progenitor.  Kesh was only the selected leader of the Afghan delegation which traveled to Medinah to meet the Prophet Muhammad.

Qais Abdur Rashid (Kesh) through his lineage from Malak Afghana represented the unbroken line of King Saul of Israel.

Hebrew names that are thus commonly used both by the Pushtuns /Pathans and other Muslims include: Salman ( Persian version of Shlomo or Solomon),  Musa (Moses),  Ibraheem (Avraham), Aazar, Yaqoob (Jacob),  Yusef (Joseph),  Shoaib (Jethro) etc..  

The mountains the Pathan’s have been living in after the exile, are called by them, the Suleiman (Solomon) mountains.

Peshawar means  pash Havor -“over Havor” .  Havor is mentioned in Torah as the place of the exile of the tribes.

Kashmir was under direct control of the Durrani Afghan Empire in the 1800s, and the majority of the population there were the Yousufzai Pakhtuns who had moved eastward from Peshawar.

Saul’s intensely religious character is reflected in the Pakhtun tribes, which spawned the Taliban.


TALIBAN CHIEFS CONTROLLED BY JEWS ARE CRYPTO JEWS— A DNA TEST DOES NOT LIE.  THE JOSHUA PROJECT AND THE GENOME PROJECT WAS FUNDED BY ZIONISTS .

Pakhtuns are in no way a united people. They have many sub clans and are constantly feuding with each other. Nothing except the danger of a common enemy can unite them.

Quietly attend the wedding of a Yusufzai . Check out their tradition of lifting the groom and the bride on the marriage bed by the male friends of the groom and by family several times in a repetitive up and down motion.  This is a custom similar to the wedding custom of some Ashkenazi and Hassidic Jews.

Mohammad Yunus, advisor to Indira Gandhi, is of Pashtun origin.  Yunus cried  the most when Sanjay Gandhi died .   Sanjay Gandhi’s wedding was held in Muhammad Yunus’s home.  Yunus was the nephew of Bharat Ratna Abdul Gaffar Khan ( frontier Gandhi )

Below: Sanjay Gandhi (left) and Maneka's marriage register being signed by Mohammed Yunus (right) as Prime Minister Indira Gandhi (2nd left) looks on, in New Delhi on August 1, 1974.



Indian President and Bharat Ratna Zakir Hussain, belonged to the crypto Jew Pashtun Afridi tribe




Mongol Genghis Karn ( Khan ) of Hindu lineage screwed the Jews in Afghanistan. 




Tower or Minaret of Jam ( 65 metres ) is the second tallest freestanding brick and stone Minaret- after Qutab Minar. 

Below: Just in case Jews or Muslims try to claim this ancient tower - these are Hindu motifs --- the endless knot is Vishnu's Sri Vatsa and the inverted triangles are Shiva/ Shakti merge .  They exist in the puja room of my home.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html

There is a 12th century Hebrew Jewish Cemetery nearby- as per the Jew historians and UNESCO  .    

Any idiot can make out that these are FAKE back dated ones.  

Rothschilds foul modus operandi of "planting" relics and unearthing them with fanfare after a century will NOT work --

We in India are very familiar with this ( Emperor Asoka tablets / relics ) ! 

The deceitful Jews planted their relics all over Palestine to show the land is theirs. 


The moment the Jews saw a 6 point star (star of David ) on the tower , they established ownership by cooking up a FAKE Jewish cemetery nearby.   

What is the need for all this immoral deceit ?  

TEE HEEEEE !






The moment Rothschild saw a star of David ( 6 pointed star ) on Qutab Minar , he build a FAKE Jewish cemetery nearby.  Because he knows that Muslims hate this JUDE star.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html




But what he did NOT know is that this 6 pointed star is even more ancient than the SWASTKA SIGN. 


Because it represents Shiva/ Shakti merging after Kundalini rise at the Sahasrara Chakra.



Somnath temple had HUGE sandal wood doors with 6 pointed star.   The original PRICELESS sandalwood door lies in one of Rothschild's vaults.   Sandalwood trees do NOT grow so wide any more.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/the-sack-of-somnath-temple-by-mahmud-of.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html




The Kalki avatar will have the Sri Vatsa mark on his chest.



THIS TYPE OF RIDICULOUS NAY PATHETIC  DECEIT WILL NOT WORK--  



THE FREE WORLD IS SMIRKING !



Between 1206 and his death in 1227, the Mongol leader Genghis Karn ( Khan ) conquered more than 12 million square miles of territory—more than any individual in history. Along the way, he cut a ruthless path through Asia and Europe that left untold millions dead. He did NOT kill any Hindus, nor did he attempt to invade India..


Rn MurthyMay 16, 2015 at 4:25 PM
Dear Capt Ajit Sir,

Egypt's former president Morsi sentenced to DEATH for espionage: A Cairo court sentenced ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi to death on Saturday on charges of spying for Iranian security services and breaking out of prison during the uprising four years ago....is this done deliberately by Zionist or was he really bad for Egypt ?
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 16, 2015 at 8:10 PM
hi rm,

Ousted President mubarak was a rothschild stooge- NOTHING WILL HAPPEN TO HIM. .

Current Egyptian President Abdel Fattah Saeed Hussein Khalil el-Sisi is loved by rothschild.

President Mohamed Morsi was a leading member of Muslim Brotherhood and hated by Rothschild and Israel. Morsi is an intelligent man.

Morsi was sworn in on 30 June 2012, as Egypt's first democratically elected president.

Moris sealed the Rothschild nail on his coffin by declaring--

"The Zionists have no right to the land of Palestine. There is no place for them on the land of Palestine. What they took before 1947–48 constitutes plunder, and what they are doing now is a continuation of this plundering. By no means do we recognize their Green Line. The land of Palestine belongs to the Palestinians, not to the Zionists.".

In September 2010, calling the Israelis "blood-suckers", "warmongers" and "descendants of apes and pigs", Morsi said "These futile [Israeli-Palestinian] negotiations are a waste of time and opportunities. The Zionists buy time and gain more opportunities, as the Palestinians, the Arabs, and the Muslims lose time and opportunities, and they get nothing out of it. We can see how this dream has dissipated. This dream has always been an illusion... This [Palestinian] Authority was created by the Zionist and American enemies for the sole purpose of opposing the will of the Palestinian people and its interests."

On 30 June 2013, thousands of people rallied across Egypt ( triggered by Zionist NGOs) calling for President Morsi's resignation from office.

EVEN PUTIN GOT FOOLED . THIS IS WHY I ASK MODI TO KICK OUT ALL FOREIGN ZIONIST FUNDED NGOs FROM INDIA.

All charges against Morsi are FAKE . He did NOT break out of jail--he was kidnapped. After his overthrow, Morsi faced several charges including inciting the killing of opponents protesting outside his palace, espionage for foreign militant groups including Hezbollah and Hamas.


With Israel's help R's help the new President el-Sisi is cutting Hamas's operational wings. Abdel Fattah Saeed Hussein Khalil el-Sisi has already cut off Hamas from all possibilities of obtaining arms through Sinai; he destroyed all the tunnels from Gaza into Egypt's Sinai, meaning no smuggling tunnels left, and he has cut many of Hamas's money sources, so they are suffering financially.

ISRAEL , ROTHSCHILD AND JEWS LOVE SISI BABY. ( putin got fooled ).

On 6 December 2013, el-Sisi was named "Time Person of the Year"

Morsi's overthrow was funded by Zionists and the crypto Jew oil rich kingdom kings.

ROTHSCHILD WILL NOT HAVE ANY ANTI-ISRAEL KINGS, PRESIDENTS RULING ANY MUSLIM COUNTRY WHICH IS NEARBY ISRAEL.

THIS IS WHY IRANs LEADERSHIP MUST BE REMOVED BY ISRAEL AND A PUPPET PUT IN PLACE.

This new leader of Iran will be someone like Shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi - totally controlled by Rothschild since he was placed on the Iranian throne in a 1953 coup.

PM Mohammad Mossaddegh wanted to nationalise Rothschild's oil industry. Operation Ajax,was a Rothschild's plot hinged on orders signed by Mohammad Reza to dismiss popular PM Mosaddegh and replace him with General Fazlollah Zahedi – a Rothschild stooge.

Iranian people did NOT like this Rothschild stooge Shah Reza. Shah abdicated the Peacock Throne and fled Iran on 16 January 1979.

Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is buried in the Al Rifa'i Mosque in Cairo, along with fat King Farouk of Egypt, his former brother-in-law.

Rothschild stooge Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was the last Shah of Iran, his reign lasted from 1941 until his overthrow in 1979. In 1941, Rothschild occupied Iran and forced Reza Shah the Great to resign in favor of his son--so that oil can be sucked out, and Israel can be recognised by a Muslim nation ( the first one )..

HOW THE JEWS LOVED SHAH REZA !

SISI BABY HAD BOUGHt USELESS JEW FRENCH DASSAULT FIGHTER JETS ( LIKE MODI )

MAJJA HAI !

capt vadakayil
..

Joseph-Pierre Ferrier wrote his History of the Afghans in 1858 (translated by Capt. W. M. Jesse). Ferrier was disposed to believe that the Afghans represented the Ten Tribes of Israel. In support of his view he recorded, among others, a very significant fact: --

“When Nadir Shah marching to the conquest of India arrived at Peshawar, the chief of the tribe of Yoosoof Zyes (Sons of Joseph) presented him with a Bible written in Hebrew and several other articles that had been used in their ancient worship and which they had preserved. These articles were at once recognized by the Jews who followed the camp. So the presence of Bibles among Afghans show their Jewish origin.



EVERY CASH AWARD THAT COMES WITH ZIONISTS PRIZES IS A BRIBE



AND IN INDIA KAILASH SATYARTHI IS THE BRAVEST MAN, ACCORDING TO OUR DESH DROHI MEDIA.

 

Itzhak Ben-Zvi, the second President of Israel, in his 1957 book The Exiled and the Redeemed, writes that Hebrew migrations into Afghanistan began: "with a sprinkling of exiles from Samaria who had been transplanted there by Shalmaneser, King of Assyria (719 BC)

Actually the largest group representing the Pashtun Bani-Israel people are actually in the land of Pakistan ( NOT Afghanistan ) .  

Israel has done the Jewish DNA studies in great detail. 

Israel has mastered the art of pushing the MOSES ACTIVATION  BUTTON -  and make the Jewish DNA Muslims change from the Pandava camp to the hated Kaurava camp in a minute, with the LOST NO MORE (sniff !) bullshit.  



There are more than 60 major Pashtun tribes and 400 subclans.

Pakistanis are so naive.  They do NOT know that their darling Islamic terrorist leaders are crypto Jews.

A lot of Pakistanis are very proud of Harun Yahya ( Adnan Oktar ) .  Have the every heard of the Turkish DONMEH ?

Yahya Harun / Adnan Oktar wants the temple of Solomon to be rebuilt.


It was King Solomon who designed and built the First Jewish Temple of Solomon on the Mount called Moriah where the Temple Mount is located today.   



This temple was destroyed by King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon in the year of 586 BCE and exported all the citizens of the Nation of Judah as slaves to Babylon.  




A lot of Bene Israel Jews came running to Kerala.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/secret-excavations-at-jerusalem-by.html

Below: King David ( Hazrat Dawood ) doing a "peeping Tom"  on Bathsheba , a Namboodiri woman married to an Officer in his army ( Uriah ) while she was taking bath in the open open - a Namboodiri custom . David's son with bath Sheba was King Solomon ( Hazrat Suleiman )  .  King Solomon used sandalwood in his Temple for the staircase from Kerala . 




The Patriarch Abraham, was the forefather of the Three Great Religions; Judaism, Christianity and Islam


Hazrat Ibrahim was the progenitor of the tribes of the Hebrews and the Ishmaelites from his two sons; Isaac and Ishmael. As the prophets foretold, the children of the twelve sons of Jacob, whose name was changed to Israel, would be known by name of Bani-Israel (Tribes of Israel) and the Sacae or the Sachi (People of Isaac).   

Of the twelve sons of Hazrat Yaqoob (Prophet Jacob), the Patriarch Joseph, known as Hazrat Yosef (AS) was the father of two sons, the Patriarchs of the Tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh.  As such, in the sacred writ, there are in reality thirteen tribes with eleven identified directly with the Patriarch Israel (Jacob) and two tribes identified with the Patriarch Joseph. 

These thirteen tribes included the tribes of; Reuben, Simeon, Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, Dan, Naphtali, Gad, Asher, Levi, Benjamin, Ephraim (son of Joseph), and the thirteenth tribe, Manasseh (son of Joseph).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/brahma-and-sarawati-abraham-and-sara.html



An AGENT is like a ISI agent in India passing on secret information to Pakistan.  He can be a Pakistani or Indian national.

A DOUBLE AGENT is a ISI agent caught with his pants down in India by RAW and forced to give all bullshit information to Pakistan.  He may be honey trapped and be willing to stay in India till he dies.   

Rothschild got many Indian freedom fighters “Plea bargained “.   These people would be thrown into jail for say 20 years of hard labour / death by hanging and then given an option after 2 or 3 years , to pretend to be an Indian Freedom fighter while he would actually be fooling Indians and working for the white invader .  



Our NCERT social studies books were full of such plea bargained crypto Jew Indians.  Some of them were supposed to be in solitary Burmese Mandalay jail,while they would be staying abroad in great luxury-writing books stating that Vedas were written wby white skinned , blone haired , blue eyed men at the Arctic..



A TRIPLE AGENT pretends to be a double agent for one side, while he or she is truly a double agent for the other side. This requires some amount of perception to understand. Triple agents are very smart people.  




CHOOTS with low IQ cannot be Triple agents — he will blow the whole operation- if he does NOT know whether is is coming or going TEE HEEE !   People who handle Triple agents must have very good perception .  

Triple agents can beat Narco truth serum tests .




Legendary James Bond 007 did NOT have the brains to be a double agent .. MOSSAD revels in handling "wannabe" whistle blowing Triple agents.



There are hundreds of crypto Jew Yousuf Zai Tribe living in Kashmir even today-despite the Sikhs driving away most of them .  How did the Sikhs know?  These crypto Jews had the practice of leaving their sidelocks long.   


Below: Sidelocks (peot), in accordance with the Torah command, "Don't shave the sides of your head," (Leviticus 19).


Today these crypto Jew Muslims pretend to be more Islamic than others.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/AAP-govt-insulting-northeast-people-Rijiju/articleshow/47315558.cms

RIJJU MUST KNOW THAT THERE IS NO SPECIAL PROVISION IN THE INDIAN CONSTITUTION FOR NE STATES PEOPLE.

THE ENTIRE NE IS CONVERTED TO CHRISTIANITY AND ARMED BY FOREIGN DESH DROHIS .

THE NE PEOPLE WILL ONLY VOTE FOR THE ITALIAN CATHOLIC WAITRESS .

WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW THE NE PEOPLE TO BE TREATED AS PROTECTED SPECIES " PENQUINS".

MODI MUST WARN THIS HOME MINISTER NE RIJJU MAN -- NOT TO TRY AND WEDGE APART NE PEOPLE AS DIFFERENT FROM INDIANS .

WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW THIS.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete

Replies







Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 17, 2015 at 9:17 PM
PUT THSI COMMENT IN MODIs , SWAMYs , PARRIKARS AND RAJNATH SINGHs WEBSITES .

IT HAS BEEN A HEGELIAN DIALECTIC SUPPORTED BY BENAMI MEDIA TO WEDGE NE STATES AWAY FROM INDIA.

ENORMOUS QUANTITY ARMS HAVE BEEN AIR DROPPED FOR THE CONVERTED CHRISTIANS IN NE STATES -- WHO PRETEND TO BE HINDUS IN A GOVT CENSUS ( LIKE THE NAXALS ).

SOME MANIPURIS WERE TOLD THAT THEY ARE JEWS BY ISRAEL ,BULLSHIT OF THE HIGHEST ORDER -- AND ALL OF THEM WANT TO MIGRATE TO ISRAEL ( LOST NO MORE -- SNIFF !)

JEWS WANT TO REPAIR THEIR WARPED JEWISH DNA --THEY WANT MIXING OF BLOOD .

WHEN YOU SEE THE MOVIE MAD MAX -FURY ROAD , YOU WILL UNDERSTAND THIS DNA THING .

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO WATCH THIS MOVIE.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 

TODAY THE WEST IS LIFTING FROM GOTRA STUFF WRITTEN BY MAHARISHIS 7000 YEARS AGO .    THE ZIONISTS AND THE BENAMI MEDIA WANTS INDIA TO SCRAP THE GOTRA SYSTEM OF Y CHROMOSOME SELECTION .   HEY ZIONISTS -- FUCK OFF !   WE INDIANS DO NOT WANT GAY MARRIAGES OR SLIMY JEWISH MEANNESS / DECEIT IN OUR SOCIETY. 

 

NONE OF THE PEABRAINED INDIAN MOVIE CRITICS EVEN KNOW THE PLOT  SQUEAK SQUEAK 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/gotra-system-khap-rules-y-chromosome.html



ALMOST EVERY WHITE HOLLYWOOD ACTRESS HAS PLASTIC INJECTED IN HER UPPER LIP AND TITS.  

INDIAN WOMEN DO NOT NEED PLASTIC AS THEY ARE NATURALLY ENDOWED ..

Our Celina Jaitly who pushed gay marriages for UN and is a Jew darling has an Afghan Pashtun mother. Pashtun Feroz Khan gave her a break in 2003, and she made her film debut in Janasheen.  

She is married to Peter Haag-   Haag is a Jew surname .



Parveen babi who came on TIME cover is a crypto Jew Muslim Pashtun.  See how well Rothschild sniffs out Jews.



Gujarati Pathans are mostly Muslims— a lot of them like Pashtuns Babi / Yousafzai etc are crypto Jews.  

EVER SINCE BOLLYWOOD WAS STARTED , IT HAS BEEN DOMINATED BY CRYPTO-PASHTUN JEWS.    THEY ARE ANTI-JEWISH ONLY IN WORDS -- BUT NEVER IN DEEDS.

Rothschild knew who they were and sponsored them in business.  These are the ones who were filthy rich when Rothschild left India in 1947 , but handed over his imoovable assets to BENAMI fronts.

A lot of Pashtuns, mainly Ghilzais Tanoli from Afghanistan, settled down in Gujarat in and around Ahmedabad, Surat and Khambhat. They are divided into twelve lineages, the main ones being the Babi, Sama, Khanzada, Yousafzai, Lohani, Mandori, Suleiymani, Surat Turk, Miani and Zadran. The bulk of the Gujarat Pathans belong to the Jalori

Most of the Rajasthan Pathans belong to the Yousafzai tribe.  Rothschild allowed crypto Jews in his Opium business .  They have long since abandoned Pashto, and now speak Hindustani, as well as various dialects of Rajasthani.   The principality of Tonk was founded by Ameer Khan in 1817, a Yousafzai Pathan, and was the only non-Hindu state in Rajputana, and the community is sometimes referred to as the Tonkia Pathan.  Tonk was incorporated into the Indian Union in 1948

The Afridis and the Machipurians, who belong to the Yusufzai tribe, were admitted by Rothschild into Military service. In return Jew Rothschild was very generous - he gave them villages free of revenue. The Pashtuns chiefly came in under the Durranis.   Maulana Mohammad Ali, of Khilafat rebellion fame was a Pashtun.  

Rothschild had allowed the President Bush installed Pashtun  President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to flourish .  His half brother Ahmed Wali Karzai was in the Opium business—a stooge of USA in the CIA payroll. He was assassinated when the Afghans came to know of his Jewish business connections.

About 300,000 Pashtuns migrated to the Gulf Countries between 1976 to 1981, representing 35% of Pakistani immigrants. The ruling crypo Jew ruling bloodline knows who they are and sponsors them.




JUST BECAUSE WHITE SKINNED CHRISTIANS ARE INVOLVED THE FOLLOWING BECAME NEWS .

ONLY CRYPTO BLOODLINE ROYALS LIVE IN LUXURY- AND THEY DO WHAT THEY PLEASE.

TODAY ALL ROTHSCHILD INSTALLED CRYPTO JEW BLOODLINE KINGS ARE TRYING TO SAVE AND RE-INTSALL THE JEWISH PRESEINDNT IN YEMEN.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Qatar-arrests-BBC-journalist-on-government-press-trip/articleshow/47331398.cms

DOHA: A BBC journalist invited to Qatar to examine the living conditions of workers building infrastructure for the 2022 football World Cup was detained for more than 24 hours, the broadcaster reported on Monday.

Mark Lobel, a BBC business correspondent based in Dubai, said he and colleagues were detained in the capital Doha as they went to film a group of Nepalese labourers earlier this month.

It is the second time in weeks that Qatari authorities have arrested journalists attempting to report on the living conditions of the Gulf emirate's large migrant workforce.

In March, a German television reporter and colleagues were detained while filming in an area of Doha where many labourers live.

The arrests come as Qatar is engaged in a public relations drive to try to counter international criticism of its treatment of migrant workers.

Lobel said he and three colleagues were held for more than 24 hours, spending two nights in prison. He was then prevented from leaving the country for almost a week.

No charges were laid against the BBC crew but their equipment and belongings were confiscated and have not yet been returned.

He wrote on the BBC News website that the arrest was "dramatic".

"Suddenly, eight white cars surrounded our vehicle and directed us on to a side road at speed," he said.

"A dozen security officers frisked us in the street, shouting at us when we tried to talk. They took away our equipment and hard drives and drove us to their headquarters.

"Later, in city's main police station, the cameraman, translator, driver and I were interrogated separately by intelligence officers. The questioning was hostile."

After their release the BBC crew were allowed to join the official press tour, organised by a London-based public relations company, Portland Communications.

Government Communications Office chief Saif Al-Thani accused Lobel of breaking Qatari laws and making "himself the story".

Thani said that without waiting for the government's scheduled tour, the BBC crew had tried to break into a workers' camp at night.

"In doing so, they trespassed on private property, which is against the law in Qatar just as it is in most countries," he said in a statement.


"By trespassing on private property and running afoul of Qatari laws, the BBC reporter made himself the story. We sincerely hope that this was not his intention.

Below: For a JEW a Muslim life has NO value, right?



SAUDI LED AIR STRIKES HAVE KILLED THOUSANDS OF INNOCENT YEMENI WOMEN AND CHILDREN JUST TO PUT AN OUSTED CRYPTO JEW PRESIDENT ABD RABBUH MASUR HADI BACK IN POWER –



-- TO MAKE JEW ISRAEL AND ZIONIST USA LESS NERVOUS.



IN THE DESERT OIL RICH KINGDOMS THE COMMON CITIZENS ARE POOR ONLY ROYALS ARE RICH.  

Below: When BRICS comes to power Zionist WAR CRIMINALS who feel so safe now , protected by UN -- will be brought to justice--it is just a matter of a few years 



AFTER OIL/ GAS IS OVER THE ROYALS WILL TELL THEIR PEOPLE -  FOR THEY KNOW ZIONISTS WILL NO LONGER SUPPORT THEIR RULE 

 “ DEMOCRRRASSSY VERRY GOOD !”   


-- AND THEY WILL DISAPPEAR TO EUROPEANS RIVEIRAS WHERE THEY HAVE SALTED AWAY THEIR ILL GOTTEN LOOT.




I MUST ADMIT THAT I LEARNT SOME WORLD INTRIGUE FROM A MAN IN ALGERIA WHO CAME TO MY CABIN AS A CHANDLER  .  

HE HAD BRIGHT BURNING EYES , BUT WAS SLOPPILY DRESSED AND NOT VERY WELL EDUCATED.

HE TOLD ME   “ FRENCH JEWS  WILL KEEP TERRORISM ALIVE IN ALGERIA TILL HE  STEALS ALL THE GAS FROM UNDER THE SAHARAN DESERT SANDS”

HE REFUSED TO SAY ANYTHING MORE — AS HE WAS AFRAID FOR HIS LIFE.

PEOPLE ASK ME – HOW I KNOW SO MUCH.

I HAVE GLEANED INFORMATION USING MY PERCEPTION.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/03/gold-finger-ajit-vadakayil.html




Algeria is full of crypto Jews .   In the 14th century, many  Jews emigrated to Algeria following expulsion from Spain and Portugal.  

Following Algerian independence in 1962, ALL of Algeria's Jews, having been granted French citizenship thanks to French Rothschild.

Zinedine Zidane the French soccer player is just ONE example. He is an Algerian Kebeyle Berber crypto Jew.    

Zidane was named the best European footballer of the past 50 years in the Jew controlled UEFA Golden Jubilee Poll.  Brazilian Ronaldo was drugged at the world cup.  

Zidane’s MEAN Jewish DNA was show cased when he was infamously sent off for head butting Italian Marco Materazzi in the chest.



In 2010, crypto Jew Zidane was an ambassador for Qatar's successful bid to stage the 2022 FIFA World Cup, the first Arab country to host the tournament.   

JEW Zidane has been named FIFA World Player of the Year three times, a feat achieved only by far far superior players NON-JEWISH  Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.

No matter what Zidane says that he is a MUSLIM – his surname and name is Jewish.


The Jews who control the media know the DNA as per Joshua and Genome project. All it requires is a strand of hair.

In 1845, Rothschild appointed French Jews (who were of the Ashkenazi tradition) as chief rabbis for each Algerian region, to BRAINWASH - the duty "to inculcate unconditional obedience to the laws, loyalty to France, and the obligation to defend it"

Eva Green, the French actress who shows her tits and twats on the Hollywood screen is a Algerian JEWESS.  Her mother is an Algerian Jewess.




Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 19, 2015 at 7:50 AM
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/Saudis-procuring-nukes-from-Pak-US-officials/articleshow/47336885.cms

ISRAEL WILL ONLY PRETEND TO BE SCARED . . THESE NUKES ARE TO USE AGAINST IRAN AND NOT ISRAEL . . .

THE AL SAUD DYNASTY SAUDI ARABIAN ROYAL BLOODLINE are CRYPTO JEWS - INSTALLED BY JEW ROTHSCHILD SO THAT HE CAN STEAL OFFICIALLY . . .

WHEN DID SAUDI ARABIA LAST GO AGAINST ISRAEL IN DEEDS ( NOT WORDS) ?

THE OUSTED YEMENI PRESIDENT IS A JEW .

AFTER THE OIL/ GAS IS OVER THE CRYPTO JEW DESERT KINGS BLOODLINE WILL GIVE DEMOCRACY BACK TO THE MUSLIM POPULATION . . .AND DISAPPEAR TO EUROPE WITH ZIONIST HELP TO ENJOY THEIR ILLGOTTEN WEALTH SALTED AWAY IN JEW BANKS . . . . . .

IN INDIA WE HAVE THOUSANDS OF CRYPTO JEW MUSLIMS . . . ALL OF THEM CAN BE ACTIVATED BY PUSHING ROTHSCHILDs MOSES BUTTON. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 19, 2015 at 7:59 AM
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/UN-chief-concerned-at-death-sentence-for-Egypts-Morsi/articleshow/47335318.cms

THE UN CHIEF IS A ROTHSCHILD STOOGE . . .AND HE IS MAKING NOISE FOR THE SAKE OF IT . .

UN KNOWS VERY WELL THAT MORSI IS A PATRIOT AND A VERY INTELLIGENT MAN . .

ISRAEL WILL ALLOW ONLY CRYPTO JEWS ( LIKE MUBARAK ) AS EGYPTs PRESIDENT . . .

ALL MUSLIM NATIONS SURROUNDING ISRAEL ( EXCEPT IRAN ) HAVE CRYPTO JEW RULERS . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Rothschild preferred to have Chitpavan Jews, crypto Jew Pashtuns  and Bene Israel Jews in the Bollywood film industry before independence. This trend continued till today. . 

David Ezekiel Rahabi (1694–1771) was an employee of Rothschild based in Kochi , Kerala.  He was used to write FAKE history and to create solidarity among the crypto Jews.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

Below: Kerala Namboodiri Brahmin hairstyle ( side kudumi )




Below: Beni Israel Jew hairstyle ( payot ) 



There is a connection between the Jewish hairstyle and the Namboodiri hair style.

Disgraced Namboodiris founded Judaism.  

India ruled PALISTHAN ( Palestine ) in the ancient days.

In the post below Chanakya was ridiculed for his hairstyle and it was pulled and the hair knot knot made  loose .

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/09/sikha-kudumi-choti-open-flag-of.html

Below: The THIYYA ( thirayyar- ocean wave navigators) community of Kerala owned all the fertile lands till Lord Pasrashurama came in 4000 BC and grabbed all the lands by axe power and donated it to the Namboodiris from Saraswati river.   

Namboodiris inbred ( like Parsis ) due to "subdivision and fragmentation of land constraints" and today they are NOT a handsome or brainy race anymore .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/worst-racists-on-planet-earth-capt-ajit.html



Below: Check out the hair style of a Namboodiri family.





INBREEDING was NOT allowed as per per Sanatana Dharma rules-and wise maharishis devised the GOTRA system. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/gotra-system-khap-rules-y-chromosome.html



Today Rothschild uses his BENAMI media to encourage Indians to INBREED and destroy their pristine Indian DNA - by ridiculing the Gotra system, enforced by KHAPS ( village elders ) 










Below:  It is impossible to draw the geometry of the Universe on a piece of paper, it can only be described by mathematics .


The Bindu of the Sri yantra represents singularity.  




The cosmos expands and contracts at regular cycles as explained by Sri Krishna in the Bhagawat Gita--just like inhalation and exhalation.



Below: Lord Vishnu , Garuda and Markendeya 

As per the Vedas the sole witness to the cosmic deluge is Maharishi Markandeya.


Lord Vishnu after reversing the big bang, turned himself into a child ( read as DNA from cosmos ) as small as that could fit on a tiny leaf of a banyan tree, floating in the Aakasha , until he himself decides to recreate everything back out from himself.  

 Sanatana Dharma is NOT a single holy book like Multinational Company Manuals--its brilliance can be understood only by the perceptive. 



Markandeya noticed a banyan leaf floating on the ocean, tossed by the waves. 

On this unlikely raft lay a beautiful and adorable child, suckling his right toe, unperturbed by the calamity that had befallen the world. 

It was Krishna as Balaji, the newborn cosmic child.

The infant's heavenly smile negated the brutality of the pralaya (cosmic deluge).    

His compassionate glance reassured Markandeya that life would go on, convincing him that the world never ends, but only changes.

When Markandeya went close to this baby, he was sucked in with the air, when the baby took a breath.

Inside, he saw hundreds of thousand of universes and all that had been consumed by the deluge - the skies, the seas, the earth, gods, demons, humans, animals and plants.

So much so, that he even had a glimpse of his own Ashram on the banks of the Subhadra River. 

He saw himself sitting in meditation. Markandeya thus realized that the child was none other than the cosmic god (Lord Vishnu/ Narayana) who had withdrawn the world into himself.

There is NO superstition in Sanatana Dharma ( full of amazing allegories in macro /micro forms ) other than what Rothschild injected , using his FAKE mutts and ridiculous vernacular Agama .. 



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/nasadiya-sukta-rig-veda-5000-bc.html



THIS POST IS CONTINUED TO THE LINK BELOW-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-5-zionist.html





DOCTOR , THERE IS NO NEED TO TOUCH- YOU JUST LISTEN !




That is me at Tokyo Disneyland.
******************************************************************************
LAWRENCE OF ARABIA PART 5, ZIONIST CONSPIRACY IN THE OIL RICH DESERT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






THIS POST IS A CONTINUATION OF FOUR PREVIOUS POSTS –

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-4-zionist.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-3-crypto-jewish.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-part-two-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html



To loosen the grip of the Muslims Ottoman Empire on the future homeland of Israel ( Palestine ) Rothschild deceptively employed the assistance of Sharif Hussain of Mecca, who belonged to the Hashimite dynasty, descendants of the Prophet, who had traditionally administered the Haramayn, or two holy precincts of Mecca and Medina.  

Hussein was bribed with a huge quantity of gold . He was deceptively promised a reward of an extensive Islamic Arab ruled by him , his sons and his future descendants. This empire  would encompassing the entire span between Egypt and Persia.

Rothschild has always made gains by slimy deceit and never by honourable effort.

Rothschild  offered him written assurances in contradiction to the designs he had in mind.  Secretly Rothschild wanted the entire Middle East to be ruled by CRYPTO JEW bloodlines.  

Rothschild would encourage Kingdoms ruled by his crypto Jew stooges rather than people’s democracy.

The British also renewed their special relationship with the JEWISH Wahhabi sect, and its leader, Abdul Aziz ibn Saud.  Following the collapse of the first Saudi insurgency at the hand of Mohammed Ali Pasha, the Wahhabi movement was largely reconstituted, but internal disputes over succession had brought about its demise in 1891 

Ibn Saud’s father, Abdul-Rahman, fled with his family to Kuwait, leaving Riyadh under the occupation of the Ottomans.  In January 1902, Ibn Saud led a Rothschild supported raid to regain control of Riyadh.

In 1925, the forces of Ibn Saud supported and armed by Rothschild captured the holy city of Mecca from Sharif Hussein, ending 700 years of Hashemite rule.  On 8 January 1926, Rothschild bribed the the leading figures in Mecca, Madina and Jeddah to proclaimed Ibn Saud the King of Hejaz.



By 1924, the Wahhabis, through the instigation of Rothchild’s agent “Abdullah” Philby, reconquered Mecca, and expelled the Hashimites.  Ensuing protests to Wahhabi vandalism and most foul cruelty rang out throughout the Muslim world, but in 1926, Ibn Saud called an international conference to ratify his control of the Haramayn.    

And, finally, in 1932, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was officially created, with Rothschild arm twisted British sanction.   Even long before he had become King, the English monarch knighted Ibn Saud, and bestowed upon him the Order of the Bath, an order of chivalry founded by George I, the grandson of Frederick Elector of the Palatinate, and the highest honor accorded to non royalty.


Through the assistance of Rothschild’s agent Jack Philby, Allen Dulles, a former president of the CFR, who would later head the CIA, then working for the firm of Sullivan and Cromwell, helped the Rockefeller oil companies gain Saudi Arabia, which would be the world’s single greatest oil resource, accounting for nearly half of total oil production.


The Aramco partners, along with British Petroleum (BP), Royal Dutch Shell, and Gulf Oil combined as a cartel to control the price of oil, known collectively as the Seven Sisters. With the Saudi royal family, Rothschild and his agents controlled the world’s largest source of petroleum.

On 20 May 1927, the British government signed the Treaty of Jeddah, which abolished the Darin protection agreement and recognized the independence of the Hejaz and Najd with Ibn Saud as its ruler.

The Darin Treaty was signed on the island of Darin, on 26 December 1915 by Abdul-Aziz and Sir Percy Cox on behalf of Rothschild.

The Treaty was the first to give international recognition to the fledgling Crypto Jew ruled Saudi state. Also, for the first time in Nejdi history the concept of negotiated borders had been introduced.  

Additionally, although the British aim was to secure its Gulf protectorates, the Treaty had the unintended consequence of legitimizing Al Saud dynasty control in the adjacent areas.

Al Saud dynasty started with its founder Muhammad bin Saud, who in 1744 joined forces with Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab, the founder of the Wahhabi ideology; a religiously extremist movement, to establish the first Saudi State. This state was destroyed by the Ottomans in 1818.

A second Saudi State was established in 1824 by Turki ibn Abdulla but was also destroyed in 1891 by Ottoman backed Al Rashid family.

In 1902 crypto Jew Abdul Aziz ibn Saud founded the Ikhwan (the Brethren); a Wahhabi religious vicious cut throat militia worse than today’s ISIS supported , armed and funded by Rothschild . They used to raid other tribes; enemies of ibn Saud, and behead every male including children and did not hesitate to kill women also.  

The Ikhwan played a significant role in the defeat of Al Rashid;  Ibn Saud’s main rival, and by 1928 they fostered ibn Saud’s rule in most of the central parts of Arabian Peninsula.  The Ikhwan gained much power and Ibn Saud felt threatened, so he massacred all their leaders in the Battle of Sabilla in 1930.   

After this this extremist militia was  was  reorganised into the Saudi Arabian National Guard by Rothschild. The main stream media history about Rothschild created Ikhwan is all bullshit.

In 1924, the Wahhabis had begun a campaign of destruction of graves of Muslim saints and imams. Even the tomb of Mohammed's daughter Fatima, from whose lineage the Mahdi (Messiah) will be born, was destroyed.  The Ikhwan had even tried to desecrate the tomb of Mohammed.

In 1998, the tomb of Mohammed's mother, Amina bint Wahb, was bulldozed and razed to the ground.
The house of Khadija, Mohammed's wife, is no longer standing. It has been replaced with public toilets.

The house of Abu Bakr, the first Caliph and father of Mohammed's last wife Aisha, has vanished under the foundations of a Hilton hotel.

The tribe of Al Saud spreads this ideology around the world, funding madrassas

Below : Saudi King with Egyptian President installed by Rothschild (after overthrowing elected Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi )  -  crypto Jew Abdel Fattah el-Sisi- with a Morrocan Jewish mother )






After World War I, he received further support from the British, including a glut of surplus munitions. He launched his campaign against the Al Rashidi in 1920; by 1922 they had been all but destroyed.

The defeat of the Al Rashidi doubled the size of Saudi territory because after the war of Ha'il, Ibn Saud sent his army to occupy Al-Jouf and the army led by Eqab bin Mohaya, the head of Talhah tribe.

THE WAR BETWEEN AL SAUD AND AL RASHIDI WAS MADE OUT TO BE GALLANT LOCHINVAR TYPE ATTACK BY AL SAUD ON CAMELS WITH SPEARS AND SWORDS,BY THE ROTHSCHILD HISTORIANS .

NOTHING IS FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH.

Below: There was lot of aerial bombardment frorm air, to make Al Saud dynasty win.   Middle East Oil fields did NOT fall into the Rothschild lap, just like that .







ROTHSCHILD GIVE AL SAUD THE ENTIRE LEFT OVER WORLD  WAR 1 ARMS AND AMMUNITION INCLUDING MERCENARIES TO OPERATE THESE LONG RANGE GUNS ,  AND THIS INCLUDED AIR COVER..



Al Rasheed, the House of Rashid,  were a historic dynasty of the Arabian Peninsula who ruled the Emirate of Jabal Shammar and were the most formidable enemies of the House of Saud in Nejd. 

They were centered in Ha'il, a city in northern Nejd that derived its wealth from being on the route of the Hajj pilgrimage and the spice trade route.

The rulers of this city were the sons of Abdullah ibn Rashid.

The Rasheedi amirs cooperated closely with the Ottoman Empire. In 1890, Al Rasheed occupied Riyadh. Then they defeated Al Sauds and forced them to go into exile, first in Bahrain, next to Qatar and finally to Kuwait.

Rothschild bribed the Al Rashidi clan when it came to succession after the Emir died.

The internal dispute centered on whether succession to the position of amir should be horizontal (i.e. to a brother) or vertical (to a son).  These internal divisions within the family led to bloody infighting fuelled by Roothschild’s bribes.

In the last years of the nineteenth century six Rasheedi leaders died violently. Nevertheless, The Al Rasheed Family still ruled and fought together in the Saudi–Rashidi Wars.

During the first twenty years of the 20th century the Arabian Peninsula saw a long-running series of wars between Al Rashidis and Al Saud supported by Rothschild.

In 1921 Ha'il was captured by Ibn Saud.   Ibn Saud had the upper hand and the support of the majority of central Arabian tribes all bribed or armtwisted by Rothschild agents .  

The ISLAMIC Rashidi ruling clan was decimated –some royals escaped to Iraq.

This blogsite warns the Modi govt.


Do NOT try to fudge the role of Indian soldiers in WW1 and WW2 to suit your Jew masters. 

Wikipedia has  agreed with 1.3 million Indian soldiers in WW1 and 2.5 million Indian soldiers in WW2 as exhumed by this blog site.

But they have reduced the Indian soldiers DEAD figure.

We do NOT talk of wounded—we are talking about KILLED figure. 

Modi govt has agreed with the Rothschild’s historian figure of Indian soldiers DEAD –   supported by ignoramuses like Rajiv Malhotra , Subramanian Swamy and their ilk 

This blogsite will NOT allow it  !!  

If push comes to shove this blogsite will expose ALL in BJP , who went against Bharatmata in 1975/ 76  , in cahoots with white skinned Zionist desh drohis —

-- so do NOT push or shove it too far. 

 Just because you are in BJP or holding a Hindutva saffron flag , it does NOT make you a desh bhakt. 

We will NOT allow true history to be fudged by the Rothschild white historian or by Wikipedia or Rothschild darling Modi   !

Rothschild stooge Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .

Rothschild stooge Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.

Rothschild used Indian soldiers as cannon fodder in the Battle of Gallipoli in Turkey — I know as I sailed with hundreds of Turkish sailors.

Of the 260,000 soldiers DEAD at Gallipoli siege —most were Indian soldiers  .

Indian were expected to fight with swords and bayonets after jumping into Turkish trenches.

The cowardly white soldiers would only shoot from long range- from positions of safety.




How many of you have heard of the siege of  Kut Al Amara (7 December 1915 – 29 April 1916), also known as the First Battle of Kut,  where almost all  dead were Indian soldiers  ?






















































The Siege of Kut Al Amara (7 December 1915 – 29 April 1916), also known as the First Battle of Kut, was the besieging of an 14000 strong Indian regiment with a British General and few British Officers  in the town of Kut, 100 miles south of Baghdad, by the Ottoman Army.

THIS IS A MOST FOUL PART OF WORLD WAR 1 WHICH HAS NEVER BEEN WRITTEN BY A WESTERN HISTORIAN .

THIS WILL BE SHOCKING FOR THIS PLANET TO HEAR OF IT A CENTURY LATER  -  AND THAT TOO FROM A BLOGGER. .

THIS IS THE DESERTION OF INDIAN TROOPS ALONE IN A TURKISH POW CAMP—WHILE THE FEW WHITE SKINNED SOLDIERS BRIBED THEIR WAY OUT    

THE WHITE SOLDIERS AND THE GENERAL CHARLES TOWNSEND WERE RELEASED. THE GENERAL SPEND HIS TIME IN GREAT LUXURY WHILE HIS INDIAN TROOPS STARVED AND DIED PAINFUL DEATHS .

THE ENTIRE WESTERN MEDIA AND HISTORIANS LIE AGAIN AND AGAIN THAT THERE WERE 5 MONTHS OF FOOD FOR THE INDIAN SOLDIERS DURING THE SIEGE OF KUT –

BUT THE FACT REMAINS THAT THERE WAS ONLY ONE MONTH OF FOOD ( AS CORRECTLY REPORTED BY THE GENERAL TOWNSHEND )

Rothschild BRIBED the Jewish Ottoman Young Turks  to let go Gen Charles Townsend and the white skinned British Troops.  

Only the Indian soldiers were held captive by the Turks and they suffered very badly. Almost every day the Turks would kill a few Indian captive soldiers out of spite.

 After their defeat at Ctesiphon, on November 22, 1915, General Townshend’s troops (consisting principally of the 6th Poona Division Indian regiment) were driven back to the town of Kut el-Amara, where they had established a fortified base.   Here, encircled by the Turkish forces they were besieged from early December to the end of April 1916.

Following the surrender of the garrison on 29 April 1916, the survivors of the siege were marched to imprisonment at Aleppo.

The British Empire forces arrived at Kut around 3 December 1915. General Townshend chose to stay and hold the position at Kut instead of continuing the march downriver towards Basra.

The pursuing Ottoman forces arrived on 7 December 1915. 

Once it became clear the Ottomans had enough forces to lay siege to Kut, Townshend ordered his white skinned soldiers to escape south, riding horses under Lieut. Colonel Gerard Leachman DSO-  leaving  14100 Indian soldiers behind to their fate .

Jewish Gen General Sir Charles Vere Ferrers Townshend safety was guaranteed  by a HUGE Rothschild bribe. 

General  Townshend  was taken to the island of Halki ( Heybeliada ) on the Sea of Marmara, to sit out the war in opulence and luxury. was released to assist with the Ottoman armistice negotiations in October 1918.

Rothschild also BRIBED the Jewish Young Turks of the Ottoman army to poison their German General Baron von der Goltz, who had been called out of retirement for his competence.

SUCH WAS ROTHSCHILD’S SLIMY DECEIT.

Below: Is the the way an enemy POW is taken away?





Below: Check of the BODY LANGUAGE of the capturer and the captive Gen Townshend !   This says it all !!


Below: In the movie BRIDGE ON THE RIVER KWAI it was NOT about officers refusing to work with their fellow soldiers ,---- it was about white skinned soldiers refusing to work with black skinned Indian soldiers.


Norman Dixon, in his book On the Psychology of Military Incompetence, described Townshend as being 'amused' by the plight of the men he had deserted, as if he had pulled off some clever trick- while he himself stayed in DISHONOURABLE luxury bestowed by the Turkish enemy .

Gen Townshend was given use of a Turkish navy yacht and had receptions in his honour at the royal Turkish court.   He was given the KCB by Rothschild for his command at Kut while he was a POW in 1917. 

The German journalist and newspaper editor Friedrich Schrader, ( married to a British national) , reported that Gen Townshend appeared personally in the office of his newspaper "Osmanischer Lloyd" to receive the cable from London notifying him about the award.

After the war, Gen Townshend wrote a book My Campaign in Mesopotamia (1920) a bullshit account in which he was a gallant  honourable man .    

He stood as an Independent Conservative candidate in a by-election in Shropshire and was elected in another by-election to a term in Parliament as Member of Parliament (MP) for The Wrekin (1920–1922). Such was Rothschild’s clout.

The Ottoman forces were commanded by the respected German Field Marshall  Baron von der Goltz.
Goltz died on 19 April 1916, in Baghdad, just two weeks before the British in Kut surrendered.


An Indian soldier’s letters were recovered for posterity –   his name was Kalyan   ( he did NOT survive ):


Kut-el-Amara

16/4/16

Ma,

 It’s been almost 5 months since I sat down to write to you. I’ve often thought of writing in these months but since nothing was known about when we would be able to send letters, I never got around to it. Since yesterday people here have come to accept that we will not be relieved. The troops have been on half-rations for the last month and even those have been steadily cut over the last 15 days, but despite these measures there’s only enough food to last three more days.

After three months with very little to eat the troops are starving. The mortality rate in the hospital has soared. In the last 15 days many have died for lack of food. Of what use is medicine now? There’s nothing to eat. People are coming to the hospital because starvation has made them weak. With nothing to give them, how can we help? Apart from that, there are no medicines left either.

We, meaning the officers, have all lost a lot of weight. Even then, despite eating nothing through the day, none of us have fallen sick. I haven’t suffered that much. Apart from our rations of four ounces of atta and 1 pound of horsemeat, I’ve occasionally bought a little food from the bazar. But I’ve still lost a lot of weight. I won’t talk about our lack of food though, for my health is fine, and I’ve even lost a bit of my paunch.

…

The siege started on Dec 5 and it is now the 26th of April. But it’s some consolation that things will be decided one way or another in the next 3 or 4 days and we will find ourselves either on this shore or that. We’ll probably end up on the other shore. There’s no way we could break out of the enemy’s encirclement and rejoin our own side.

…

Don’t worry at all. Remember – if I am imprisoned I won’t be in the midst of the fighting. I don’t know when or how this letter will get to you. I’m writing it anyway. I’ll send it if an opportunity arises. If they don’t imprison the patients who are in the worst condition – if they send them down to ‘Amara’ – then this letter will go with them. (402)


Three days later Kalyan wrote another letter, in English:



29-4-16

Ma

On account of hunger, our General was obliged to surrender to-day. Turkish flag has been put up and the British flag taken down. Turkish troops entered the town this afternoon.

Now for goodness sake don’t die of fright… please cheer up. I shall let you know afterwards how often you would hear from me and how to send letters to me.

Yours

Kalyan






Soon after the surrender, Kalyan wrote home again.

1-5-16


Ma


I wrote you a letter on April 26th and a postcard on the 29th. Listen to what happened on the 29th. Our commander, General Townshend laid his arms at the feet of Turkey’s Halil Bey and surrendered. 

Before that, the British flag had been lowered and the Turkish flag had been raised on the fort. 

The two commanders shook hands. Halil Bey behaved with the greatest courtesy; he returned Townshend’s arms and took him off somewhere with the greatest kindness. 

What can I tell you Ma of how well Halil Bey treated us? 

How much fresh food and water he had readied for us! And he let us have it all. After consuming all of that, it is as if our lives had been renewed.

Halil Bey’s orders to us were: ‘Enjoy yourselves for three days – eat as much as you want and write as many letters as you like. After three days you will have to move elsewhere – and then you will be allowed to write only one letter a week, of four lines.’

[In Kut] We had consumed our rations in a couple of months. Towards the end even our water had run dry. In the fort’s courtyard we dug 40 wells and found some water. It was bad, muddy water. At the end, all our mules were slaughtered and one pound of meat was distributed to us. Many died for lack of food.

…

I and my friend Puri are fine. We are quite fit as well. At times the water situation was difficult, but we used filters before drinking it. What we went through during the siege is beyond description. When we came here, after our defeat at Ctesiphon, our numbers were 14 thousand; now it is less than half that. It’s horrifying! Even now we have hundreds of patients, many will not survive. So much water from the Tigris has entered the fort that everything has turned to mud.

…

You mustn’t  do yourself harm by worrying about me. I want to see you when I get home. I’m perfectly all right. I have to write four other long letters. I’ll take your leave for now.

Yours



Kalyan.



To get ONLY the white skinned soldiers off,  leaving Indians behind   ( the POW camp at Kut-Al-Amara, 160 kilometres south of Baghdad),  Rothschild paid a bribe of TWO million British pounds to Khalil Pasha.    

This is the first time this disgraceful racist secret is being exhumed .   

The white skinned soldiers were allowed to leave the POW camp under the leadership of Col Gerard Leachman, leaving the Indian soldiers to hard enervating labor with substandard diet  , which killed almost all of them .




The British came back  in December 1916 with a larger force under General Sir Frederick Stanley Maude and retook Kut on February 23, 1917.

DID SOMEBODY SAY, BRITISH  HONOR AND JUSTICE? 
  




TE Lawrence and Aubrey Nigel Henry Molyneux Herbert was used to make a personal approach to the Turkish Commander, Khalil Pasha with bag full of gold and currency notes.

The white skinned BASTARD General Charles Townshend who commanded Indian troops in the 1915-16 Mesopotamian campaign and led the Kut surrender wrote: “Indian troops are utterly unfitted for modern conditions of war under periods of great stress. In stress or siege they lose spirit quickly. The British soldier is simply splendid, the more trouble increases, the more cheery he gets.”



Sisir Sarbadhikari, a Bengali ambulance driver who was also captured in Kut, narrated this racism in his WW1 memoir In Abhi Le Baghdad [On To Baghdad; Calcutta, 1958]. He wrote:  “white British soldiers are behaving very badly with the black or Indian sepoys; they were constantly beating us!




This blogsite demands recognition for the UNSUNG brave Indian soldier who fought Gandhi's master Jew Rothschild’s wars in foreign lands and were used as cannon fodder in the bloody battles of Gallipoli, and Kut: 

Neer AkhyaaN Di Sukk Gai Ay / Gaddi Teri Chann Dhola, Jaa Basray Ruk Gai Ay [My eyes have dried-up and your train has ended up in Basra, my darling (never to return)].



BY THE WAY, ELECTED EGYPTIAN PRESIDENT MORSI ( WITH 52% VOTES ) WAS CONDEMNED TO DEATH BY A ZIONIST CONTROLLED KANGAROO COURT SIX DAYS AGO .

IF THIS HAPPENS - 

DEMOCRACY WILL COME FASTER TO THE OIL RICH ARAB KINGDOMS ( MUCH BEFORE THE OIL/ GAS RUNS OUT )  WHERE MUSLIM CITIZENS ARE BEING RULED BY CRYPTO JEW BLOODLINES INSTALLED BY JEW ROTHSCHILD

AFTER GADDAFI, SADDAM HUSSAIN, BHUTTO WERE HUNG ,  ROTHSCHILDs PUPPETS WERE INSTALLED IN PLACE.  



IT IS THE INTERNET AGE. 

NOBODY CARES FOR WHAT ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED MEDIA OR HISTORIANS WRITE ANY MORE.

Below: False flag attacks all over Egypt by Zionist funded NGOs gave President Morsi a bad name .



After the rule of Anwar Sadat and Mubarak ( both Zionist stooges ) Egyptian and got a patriotic and intelligent elected leader Morsi.

Even Putin got fooled, that he went all the way to Egypt to present Rothschild’s stooge and crypto Jew General El Sisi with a golden AK-47 rifle.  Putin was the FIRST to congratulate El Sisi. 

Gen El Sisi toppled Morsi with a military coup supported by Zionists / Israel - with UN in cahoots . 

El Sisi divides Egyptians every which way .

Egyptians have lost hope not just the right to live but also the right to die in dignity.   General El Sisi with his Rothschild controlled media machine have turned gullible Egyptians against each other.


Morsi was a popularly elected president and the resort to street protests by Zionist funded NGO bribed crowds should not be a sufficient reason to oust an elected government.  

What are these Jewish controlled Egyptian KANGAROO  courts worth- do they have any international credibility ( for the non- Zionist world ) ?

EVERY NATION SURROUNDING ISRAEL HAVE ROTHSCHILDs PUPPETS RULING – EXCEPT IRAN .




ZIONIST FUNDED TROJAN HORSE NGOs BROUGHT DOWN EGYPTIAN PRESIDENT MORSI.   

Millions of dollars were splurged for this regime change to have an Israeli puppet on the throne of Egypt.  

All false flag attacks during  Morsi’s rule were conducted by illegal Zionist funded NGOs with FALSE reporting by Rothschild owned / controlled Egyptian media..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/trojan-horse-foreign-funded-ngos-of.html

Zionist funded NGOs created so much chaos that the military would be asked to step in as a HEGELIAN DIALECTIC .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html

Today there are thousands of Jews from Israel holidaying in Goa and Kasol .  They have hidden sophisticated arms and they are the best trained having served in the Israeli army.  Our police is NO match for them.  

People who complain against these high handed Jews who have come on VISA ON ARRIVAL mysteriously disappear.

Morsi’s problems started when he stared clamping down of Jewish funded Trojan Horse NGOs. Under Rothschild stooges Anwar Sadat and Hosni Mubarak, the Trojan Horse NGOs ran wild and established deep roots.   

Hundreds of millions of dollars were splurged to put crucial Egyptian people of Zionist pay roll.

During the colonial era Christian missionaries did the job of DIVIDE AND RULE –this job is now taken over by Zionist funded NGOs and Rothschild owned BENAMI media.

Zionists warned Morsi in a blatant display of high handedness .    Do NOT fu#k around with our funded NGOs in Egypt.   30 years of Rothschild stooge Mubarak’s rule had institutionalized corruption and divisions in Egyptian society.   The whole idea was “Israel must be safe” .

An example?  An editorial in the Washington Post, spAke: “Cairo is… on the verge of adopting laws that would cripple the country’s fragile new democratic order and drastically reduce the West’s ability to influence Egypt’s course,” (April 1, 2013).

This is the most highhanded display of Jewish power – mind you UN is in cahoots .  How can a Trojan Horse NGO engaged in subversion promote Egypt’s “fragile democracy” ?  How dare the Zionist mouthpiece declare that Egypt’s new laws “would drastically reduce the West’s ability to influence Egypt’s course,” 

Members of US Congress, in the payroll of Rothschild threatened to withhold funding to Egypt as well as block loans from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) unless Cairo relents and allows the illegal Zionist funded NGOs to continue to operate freely.  

Almost all these NGOs are pro-Israel and pro-USA- such is the power of Jewish money.     NGO members fly to USA to receive subversion training – in the garb of protecting the environment . 

When Morsi cracked down on Trojan Horse NGOs many US Zionists were caught with their pants down and this included Jew Sam LaHood, son of the former US Transportation Secretary. Under severe pressure from the US, all these Americans were let go. 

After Mubarak’s overthrow in February 2011, Washington unilaterally decided that unregistered NGOs would be funded.  Millions of Zionist US dollars started to pour into Egypt.   FALSE FLAG ATTACKS happened almost daily, people were killed and the blame was put on Morsi . The same thing happened in Ukraine too .

Why are the Jews so eager to save the Muslims in Egypt ?  Did Moses command them to do that while parting the Red sea ?   

I am reminded of the unholy haste shown by our Israeli darling Modi in congratulating langot yaar BIBEEEE after he won the elections  --he beat US president to the draw  .

OH BAAAAAAA  -  OH BIBBBEEEE  -  MUJHE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE  DILWAA  DOH !


It is surprising that even our Home Minister Rijju talks about Indians insulting NE PEOPLE.  Are NE people who converted to Christianity and still hold Hindu names – penquins from Antartica ? 

Do they have to be protected  ?  

Shall we amend our Constitution ?  

Why is your “secular”  NE people only voting for the Italian Catholic waitress enmasse, Mr Rijju-man  ?

Mr Rijju-man , as home minister do you know how many foreign funded NGOs operate in NE states? 

If you don’t know ask me –I will put a separate post on it  .


As early as 1982, Israeli strategist Jew Oded Yinon wrote “A Strategy for Israel in the 1980s,” which advocated the dissolution of all existing Arab states along ethnic or sectarian lines. 

All Muslim countries surrounding Israel would be ruled by crypto Jews –El Sisi’s mother is a Moroccan crypto Jew Malaika Titani .  So this is the meaning of Jews “promoting democracy” in non-oil rich countries!.

Senator John Kerry, a Crypto-Jew, has warned  Morsi , calling the arrests of Zionist NGO Americans in Egypt  “a slap on the face” for America.   Zionist Senator Lindsey Graham (R-S. Carolina) has warned Cairo that Egypt will lose $1.3 billion military aid if those Americans end up in jail.

Zionist Jew Senator Ben Cardin (R-Maryland), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said Monday that Washington should “re-evaluate” the bilateral relationship, adding that it was “totally unacceptable” for Egypt to prosecute the activists on charges of illegal funding of NGO aid groups.


If Morsi does NOT want Jew funded NGOs to help Muslim Egypt ,what is the problem?  

Can India or China barge into Israel / USA and do subversion with our own funded NGOs ?


Can Chinese go into USA with millions of dollars to payroll  US Congress candidates deemed friendly to China? The whole world knows that US Congress is a slave to Israel .

BELOW: ARE YANKS SO SHAMELESS ?






Egyptian Judge Sameh Abu Zeid declared “ NGOs are operating “without license,” and that their work “constitutes pure political activity and has nothing to do with civil society work.”

A group of 11 prominent US figures sent a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to “engage preventively and use all available means to make clear to Egypt of MOST severe consequences if there is a further crackdown by Morsi on NGOs.”

The letter was signed by Human Rights Watch Washington Director Sarah Margon, former White House Deputy National Security Advisor Elliott Abrams, Freedom House Middle East and North Africa programs Director Charles Dunne, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Senior Associate, Middle East Program Michele Dunne (in a personal capacity), Amnesty International USA Campaigns and Programs Deputy Executive Director Margaret Huang, and Project on Middle East Democracy Executive Director Stephen McInerney.

Below : El Sisi with CIA director John Owen Brennan.  In March 2015, US President Barack Obama released the $1.3 billion military aid to Egypt



The Zionists cried from the roof tops “ Victory at the polls does not entitle President Mohamed Morsi or the ruling party to sideline these groups because even elected governments must abide by international human rights law “

 OH BOY-SO SHALL WE SEND INDIAN NGOs TO USA ?.




The spAke “ a vigorous NGO sector is an indispensable part of democracy.  That is because elections alone provide insufficient opportunity for the public to influence the decisions of government.  The mere act of voting, important as it is, is too blunt an instrument for citizens to express their views.  At best people vote for a political party -- a tendency or orientation -- but that periodic vote does not mean uncritical endorsement of every decision the party might make about the broad range of issues, some foreseeable some not, that arise in day-to-day governance 

TEE HEE – 

SORRY WE DON’T WANT JEW FUNDED NGOs TO SAVE BHARATMATA .




“ People need the freedom to speak out on issues whenever they arise, not only on election day. And the way to increase the reach of each person's voice is through such megaphones as social media, the press, and the ability to join together with like-minded people through an NGO.”

"That is not subversion. It is the essence of democracy".

SNIFF

Now I must cry !


BOOOOOO    HOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!


When any Third World country tries to bring Zionist funded NGOs under Govt laws , Rothschild controlled Zionist nations go ballistic in indignation.  

Rothschild darling VIKAAAAS Modi is too eager to fall in line.    


APCO branded Israel darling Modi has given VISA ON ARRIVAL to Zionist nations (without reciprocity )  so that they can walk in with hard cash and bribe all and sundry. 

There are more than 40,000 Egyptian NGOs IN Egypt.


When the Egyptian government decided to go after just 10 unregistered foreign-funded NGOs, primarily by the US, there was strong reaction in Washington against the move.. 

The argument that these NGOs operated illegally during the Mubarak era is no reason that they can continue to do so now as well.  

Hosni Mubarak was a Rothschild Zionist puppet; the Morsi government in Egypt refused to play that role.  

Below: China and Russia have kicked out Zionist funded NGOs engaged in subversion 




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/guinea-pigs-for-untested-medicines.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/bauxite-mining-naxalite-menace-joshua.html



My second foreign port was Kharg Island in Iran. 

Those days a Rothschild puppet , crypto JEW Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi ruled.   

After watch , myself and the radio office went ashore and bought porn magazines like Hustler, Penthouse and some XXX blue movie reels for officers club.  We had pork chops and beer .

Today be find Modi ‘s langot yaar BIBEEEEEE crying in the US senate about nuclear Iran.

Does Benjamin Netanyahu know that it was Israel who gave the nuclear technology to Iran during the Shah’s rule ?  Because at that time, Shia Iran was a staunch ally of Israel. 

THE ZIONISTS ARE MAKING THE SAME MISTAKE AGAIN. THEY HAVE PUT CRYPTO JEW KINGS RULING THE OIL/ GAS RICH ARAB KINGDOMS.  

THESE ROYAL BLOODLINE PUPPETS OF ROTHSCHILD , ARE NOT GONNA LAST FOREVER.  

ONCE THE ORDINARY MUSLIM CITIZENS KNOW ( IN THIS INTERNET AGE ) THAT THEY ARE BEING RULED BY JEWS, THEY WILL BE A REVOLUTION SOONER THAN LATER.  

AT THAT TIME CHICKEN WILL COME HOME TO ROOST .

Below : Iran versus Israel soccer match -AFC Asian Cup at Teheran.



The Jews were staying in great comfort and security in Iran.   The Shias were tolerant even before the CRYPTO JEW Shah came to power.

A bizarre incident happened.
There was a soccer match between Iran and Israel on 19th May 1968.

The people were all happy and the vast stadium was full. 

Unknown to the Iranians a MEAN IRANIAN  JEW bought up most of the tickets and gave it free to Iranian Jews.

So when Israel ( Giora Spiegel ) hit a goal well into the second half the stadium resounded with cheers — yes almost the whole stadium cheering for for Israel.   The Indian referee was shocked . 

The Iranians fought like tigers and scored two goals at the fag end of the match . 

BIG MISTAKE.

The cast was drawn. 

Iranian Jews would now NOT be considered Iranian in the minds of the Shia people.

This is the type of thing why Jews are hated all over the planet, all the time , by all the countries.

Only Hindu India has  given refuge to Jews-since 2700 years . Everytime they got persecuted they came running to Kerala.

Yet at the first opportunity the Jews led by Rothschild kicked Bharatmata in her teeth , stole all her money , and made Indians slaves for 300 years.

Below: Remains of JEW Reza Shah Pahlavi 's statue today.




The Pahlavi dynasty installed by Rothschild  was the ruling house of Iran from 1925 until 1979, when the monarchy was overthrown and abolished as a result of the Khomeini led Iranian Revolution.  

The dynasty was founded by Reza Shah Pahlavi in 1925, whose reign lasted until 1941 when he was forced to abdicate by Rothschild  .  He was succeeded by his son, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi, the last Shah of Iran.  

Unlike the majority of Jewish communities in Arab countries, most Iranian Jews decided to stay in Iran after the establishment of Israel.  

While most other Jewish communities in the Muslim world vanished between 1948-1956 and migrated en masse to Israel, the vast majority of Iranian Jews stayed in their homeland as they all knew that their ruler Shah was a JEW. . apparently the Shia Muslims were unaware.


The money for the Jew soccer tickets came from Habib Elghanian a very rich businessman and  the president of the Tehran Jewish Society. For polarizing the nation and spying for Israel this mangy Jew would be shot. 

On 9 May 1979, Elghanian was executed by a firing squad in Tehran.   

He was the first Jew to be executed by the Islamic Khomeini government. Iranian Jews shat in their pants and ran to Israel.    

Shortly after Elghanian's execution, Rothschild forced the US Senate to pass a resolution authored by senator Jacob Javits to condemn his execution , as a violation of human rights in Iran.   

In the aftermath of the Stuxnet worm that attacked Iran's nuclear facilities, there was speculation by security researchers working for Symantec that a number found in the Stuxnet code - "19790509" - which was used as a marker to identify computers that should not be affected, was a reference to his execution date.


Iranians got so pissed off by Jewish treachery that the Israeli team and their supporters fell victims to brutal incitement and had to be escorted out of the stadium by the police.  This incident reflected a sea change in the Iranians’ attitudes toward Israel.  

A one-time favorable partner now became an unwanted foreigner, protected only by the grace of the Shah’s iron fist. 

IT TAKES JUST ONE MONKEY TO SPOIL THE SHOW.

By the late 1970s, the revolution toppled the Shah, and the new regime reflected the Iranian public’s feelings towards the State of Israel with vocal anti-Zionism, kicking the Israeli diplomatic mission out and developing strong ties to the Palestinian resistance.

Below: Father and son Reza Shah Pahlavi -- both JEWS



Israel was 100% involved in consolidating the Jew Shah’s autocratic rule – the dreaded and notoriously brutal Iranian secret police SAVAK, was founded , trained and armed trained by Rothschild using Israeli Mossad .



Mohammad Reza Shah was the king of Iran (Shah of Iran) from 16 September 1941 until his overthrow by the Islamic Revolution on 11 February 1979.  

He took the title Shāhanshāh ("Emperor" or "King of Kings") on 26 October 1967.  He was the second and last monarch of the House of Pahlavi of the Iranian monarchy .

Jew Mohammad Reza gradually lost support from the Shi'a clergy of Iran as well as the working class, particularly due to recognition of Israel.  He was the second to do so after Jewish ruled Turkey.

By 1979, political unrest had transformed into a revolution which, on 17 January, forced him to leave Iran. Soon thereafter, the Iranian monarchy was formally abolished, and Iran was declared an Islamic republic led by Ayatollah Khomeini. 

Facing likely execution should he return to Iran, he died in exile in Egypt, whose President, CRYPTO JEW Anwar Sadat, had granted him asylum.

ANWAR SADAT WOULD BE ASSASSINATED TO BE REPLACED BY ANOTHER CRYPTO JEW HOSNI MUBARAK.

 Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi had a personal super luxury car collection of 140 classic and sports cars including a super expensive Mercedes-Benz 500K coupe, one of only six ever made.

Below: Jew baap aur beta !


Nachik Navot, who headed the Mossad’s branch in Tehran from 1969 to 1972, explains that the shah started Iran’s nuclear program (Iran had formally launched a peaceful nuclear program in 1957, with the announcement of plans for cooperation with the US “in research in the peaceful uses of atomic energy.” 

Iran opened a nuclear research center in Tehran a decade later, with a US-supplied research reactor. It signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) in 1968 and ratified it in 1970. All formal US and European cooperation in this area ended with the 1979 Islamic Revolution.  


This is what happens   —

A Jewish king cannot last too long in a Muslim kingdom. Muslims are NOT idiots – just because they do NOT get Jewish Rothschild controlled Nobel prizes.

Below: We find our Bollywood actresses wearing ridiculous dresses like this  and looking HAJAAAR important at Cannes film fest- TEE HEEEEE ! 




Shah exported Iranian oil to Israel.

“Today, our hope for the future is challenged by a nuclear-armed Iran that seeks our destruction. But I want you to know: that wasn’t always the case,” Netanyahu said during his October 1 address at the United Nations General Assembly

IRANIANS BEWARE --

THERE ARE MORE THAN 20000 CRYPTO JEW SHIA MUSLIMS IN IRAN TODAY, WAITING FOR AN OPPORTUNITY TO STRIKE ON BEHALF OF ISRAEL  ..


There is a curious DASA type pathological psychopath signature in Rothschild historians chronicles and this includes Wikipedia .   

Every crypto Jews’s father is recorded to be Christian clergyman  

TEE HEEEEEEE !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/wikipedia-big-brothers-propaganda.html


Rothschild used dozens of FAKE historians for PLANTING evidence historical Jewish centuries in advance all over Israel –and he knighted all of them for excellent  services rendered— lie SIR Leonard Woolley.

Woolley was one of the first archaeologists to propose that the flood described in the Book of Genesis was local after identifying a flood-stratum at Ur: "...400 miles long and 100 miles wide; but for the occupants of the valley that was the whole world".

QUOTE:  Woolley’s findings revealed much about everyday life, art, architecture, literature, government, and religion in what has come to be called “the cradle of civilization.” :UNQUOTE

MY LEFT BALL !

CRADLE OF CIVILiZATION, INDEED !

TEE HEEEEE !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/mother-of-all-civilisations-saraswati.html


I ASK ZIONIST DARLING AND APCO BRANDED MODI.

LIKE SLIMY MANI SAYS –   ARE YOU ARE REAL IGNORAMUS—  NAY BLOODY FOOL WHEN IT COMES TO INDIAN HISTORY / WORLD INTRIGUE ?.

OR ARE YOU SOLD OUT ?

WE DON’T MIND IF YOU ARE A BLOODY FOOL— FOR YOU CAN STILL LEARN.

RAHUL GANDHI COMES BACK FROM HIS SABBATICAL AND CALLS NARENDRA MODI , THE GORBACHEV OF INDIA.

IMMEDIATELY ALL STUPID BJP MPs START THUMPING THEIR DESKS IN HAJAAAAR GLEE.

THESE IGNORAMUSES  DO NOT KNOW THAT GORBACHEV IS A JEW,   A TRAITOR WHO SOLD OUT HIS MOTHERLAND TO  THE JEWS.

Below: Yitzak Shamir and Gorby Baby.



DEFINITELY RAHUL GANDHI WAS NOT RELAXING DURING HIS TWO MONTH SABBATICAL—    HE WAS LAPPING UP "REAL WORLD INTRIGUE".    

HE ALONE UPSTAGED THE WHOLE OF BJP .


This blogsite wants PM Narendra Modi to STOP foreign funded NGOs from operating in India-by a law.

The law must allow the EXECUTIVE pillar of Indian democracy to criminally prosecute foreign non-governmental organisations (NGOs) or firms designated as "undesirable" on national security grounds.

The pillar of Media is almost completely desh drohi and BENAMI.

The pillar of JUDICIARY has NO right under the Indian Constitution to overturn any decision made by the EXECUTIVE and LEGISLATURE pillars when it comes to SEDITION and NATIONAL SECURITY.

Desh Drohis who work for Foreign Funded Trojan Horse NGOs must be put in prison.    Just slapping fines is NOT a deterrent— as the NGOs have vast foreign funds and TOP lawyers at their disposal- with even US President acting as their mouthpiece and lawyer.

Even porn actress Sunny Leone’s Jew husband, porn actor Daniel Weber says with great cockiness -- Do your worst —  my Attorney will take care of FIRs and court cases.” 



There are too many foreign funded Trojan Horse NGOs doing endless rabble rousing,  bribing govt machinery,  pose a direct and indirect threat to the "foundations of  Indian constitutional order, defensive capacity and security". 

As you can see the pillar of Media and part of Judiciary support these foreign agents.

Instead of doing his job our home minister Rijju Man is more interested in the dignity of his NE people.  We are watching this home minister.

When Putin made a law squeezing foreign agents , the US state department acted as if they got a shock on their collective balls – and said it was "deeply troubled" by the law.

"We are concerned this new power will further restrict the work of civil society in Russia and is a further example of the Russian government's growing crackdown on independent voices and intentional steps to isolate the Russian people from the world," spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement.

Britain's Minister for Europe, David Lidington, said it was "yet another example of the Russian authorities' harassment of NGOs and those who work with them in Russia".

WILL THEY FEEL THE SAME WAY IF CHINA / INDIA / NORTH KOREA FUNDS THEIR OWN NGOs IN THESE ZIONIST NATIONS ?

Amnesty International said the bill would "squeeze the life" from civil society, while Human Rights Watch (HRW) warned it would be locals who would be worst-hit.

OH YEAH ?

WE DO NOT NEED THE HELP OF SLIMY WHITE SKINNED FOREIGNERS TO TAKE CARE OF THE CHILDREN OF BHARATMATA -- THOSE DAYS ARE OVER !


When ever we see GAY MARRIAGE candle light vigils, LESBIAN KISS OF LOVE and RABBLE ROUSING HUMAN RIGHTS CANDLE LIGHT VIGILS – it is all the work of FOREIGN FUNDED TROJAN HORSE NGOs.

Most foreign funded NGOs in operate in a grey zone. 

Some register as businesses; others simply operate without a license, relying on the BRIBED local officials. 

 Money comes in by HARD CASH – brought in by tourists on a APCO Modi granted DESH DROHI VISA ON ARRIVAL.

Bank accounts are NOT needed when hard US dollar cash is handles by Hawala method.



WE INDIANS DO NOT WANT ZIONUST FUNDED “AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL” AND “ HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH “ TO SAVE BHARATMATA.


WE KNOW WHAT THESE NGOs DID IN LIBYA , SYRIA, EGYPT AND IRAQ

WHY IS THE ZIONIST WHITE MAN SO KEEN ON SAVING BHARATMATA ?

WHY DO THEY CULTIVATE LEADERS LIKE NARENDRA MODI - A MAN WHO KEEPS REPEATING “GANDHIJI NE CHARKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZADI DILWAYA IN A UNSOLICITED MANNER ?

WE KNOW WHAT CHARKHA MAN GUJARATI NUMBER ONE DID TO INDIA—

WE ARE NOW WATCHING WHAT APCO BRANDED GUJARATI NUMBER TWO WANTS – AND WE INDIANS ARE WATCHING EVERY INCH OF THIS GUJARATI MANs ZIONIST PROGRESS—  

-- THIS MAN WHO BOUGHT 36 USELESS AND OVER PRICED RAFALE FIGHTER JETS.


MODI MUST KNOW HE IS NOT A DICTATOR AND HE WILL NOT BE IN POWER FOR EVER.


We do NOT need Trojan Horse Zionist funded NGOs bringing debauchery into India in the form of Savita Bhabhi and Sunny Leone.   

They can keep the HOMOSEXUAL MARRIAGES IN THEIR OWN PERVERTED NATIONS — we do NOT need decadence India.

In cahoots with BENAMI media these NGOs try to make the Indian self loathing.  

It will  NOT work any more even if they rope in our Israeli darling PM Modi—who is giving back his APCO pound of flesh.

India has the least percentage of RAPE, DIVORCE , CRIME and UNHAPPINESS AT HOME on this planet   —

-- never mind what our DESH DROHI and BENAMI Indian media says on prime time --

--  using their sold out “EMINENT PERCEPTION MOULDERS” with moth eaten faces –   who love ANGEL HUSSAIN SAHEB  –


If there is desh bhakt military rule in India these "EMINENT desh drohi Indians" will he shot in the market place , with lip stick and gloss on  ... 

--  the way the Jew who bought half the soccer finals tickets ( Israel vs Iran ) was shot in Iran.

Why is APCO branded Narendra Modi allowing Zionist NGOs to recruit volunteers or set up branch offices?   

What is his personal interest in all this ?

We Indians want an equivalent of AFSPA when our security agencies deal with Trojan Horse Zionist funded NGOs.    

They should NOT be able to run to our sold Judiciary and put a stay order , the way it is being done in India—by Ford Foundation and Green Peace..


THE CONTEMPT OF COURT SYSTEM WAS SET UP BY ROTHSCHILD TO SUBVERT JUSTICE.

ARE THE JUDGES GODS ?

Who are they in reality – unsuccessful lawyers !

WHY DO JUDGES TRY TO IMPRISON EARLY WARNING DESH BHAKT RADARS,  WHO WANT TO SAVE BHARATMATA ?

I MYSELF WENT THOUGH “ DEFAMATION CASE” WHEN I TRIED TO BRING UP RELEVANT ISSUES LIKE EVIL PHARMA USING INDIAN TRIBALS AS GUINEA PIGS.

THE CHARGE AGAINST ME  WAS , I DID A ‘SMEAR CAMPAIGN”.

SINCE WHEN DOES TELLING  THE TRUTHTO SAVE BHARATMATA ,  BECOME A SMEAR CAMPAIGN ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/guinea-pigs-for-untested-medicines.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/sterilisation-deaths-of-13-tribalwomen.html

Today Morsi is being tried because he “defamed the Egyptian Judiciary “!  

Yes—  JEW Rothschild says so !

In the past whenever patriotic Goans tried to point out the “take over “ of Goa by Jew DRUG BARONS  —they were hounded by the Indian Police and the Judiciary— for DEFAMATION .

The same thing is happening in Kasol today.

Jew darling and “Chabad house Hero”  Modi has made it easier . 

BIBBEEEE NE BOLA HAI " SKY IS THE LIMIT "  

BARAK MISSILE BAHOOT ACHCHA HAI !


Modi sent Hanukah greetings over Twitter in Hebrew. Israel darling Modi again tweeted in Hebrew to congratulate his langot yaar BIBBBEEE on his re-election.

In Sept 2014 , Jew darling PM Modi met with the American Jewish Committee just hours before his address to the Indian-American diaspora at Madison Square Garden.

HEY NARENDRA MODI,   DID YOU ALSO DISCUSS THE DEALING WITH MOSSAD IN 1975 -76 , THIS BLOG SITE CAN REFRESH YOUR MEMORY ?  

DO YOU KNOW JEW ROTHSCHILD HAS TAKEN YOUR NAME AT BILDERBERG , AS GUJARATI NO 2 ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html



Below:  Shimon Perez bhaiyya , can you interlink India's rivers.. like what I have done in Gujarat ?  

We in India have only one small FALTHU river  -- while Israel is such a big country with hundreds of mighty rivers .

Hamein Israel se bahoot kuch seekna hai !  

APCO walon ne bola hai ! 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html



There was  a time when they put a Jewish General Governor in Goa to make it HUNKY DORY for the drug running Jews.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/jewish-russian-mafia-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html




Below: Israeli Jew drug addicts in Goa -can we do this in Israel?    

We need an answer from Parrikkar !!   

Mr Parrikkar , we know what you did when were Goa CM--probably I will put a full post on it later . 



Below: Zionists do NOT want democracy in the Oil / Gas rich Middle East puppet kingdoms--  

DEMOCRACY IS GOOD IN  THESE DESERT ISLAMIC KINGDOMS ONLY WHEN THE OIL/ GAS  IS COMPLETELY SUCKED OUT 



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html





Today we have lot of tourists with VISA ON ARRIVAL ( afforded by Israel darling Modi )  mapping our Indian forests and mountains .

Rothschild did the same thing in the Middle East deserts.

Much before Rothschild did his OIL politics— he mapped oil / gas and water resources using an archeological smoke screw.  Archeology was all about unearthing with great fanfare what Rothschild buried centuries in advance—all Jewish relics.  



This was to establish that Moses and his Jew companions build the Egyptian Pyramids as slaves . Then Moses parted the Red sea and led the Jews to the promised land of milk and honey.    

Sorry, Judiasm is just 3100 years old.   Egyptian pyramids were built thousands of years before that. Architect Maharishis from Kerala built the Pyramids.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/sri-yantra-and-egyptian-pyramids-capt.html

In January 1914, Woolley and Lawrence were co-opted by the British military as an archaeological smokescreen for a British military survey of the Negev Desert.   

They were funded by Rothschild vide the Palestine Exploration Fund to search for an area referred to in the Bible as the "Wilderness of Zin"; along the way, they undertook an archaeological survey of the Negev Desert .   Lawrence also visited Aqaba and Petra.   He mapped the water resources and ground water aquifers of the entire area..

The first form of FOREIGN FUNDED TROJAN HORSE NGOs TOOK BIRTH IN THE DESERT VIDE CRYPTOJEWISH TRIBED BRIBED BY ROTHSCHILD. 


The Arab Bureau of Britain's Foreign Office ( all crypto Jews ) conceived a campaign of internal insurgency against the Ottoman Empire in the Middle East.   

The Ottoman authorities would now have to devote  more than a thousand times more resources to contain the threat of such an internal rebellion – all triggered sporadically by Rothschild. 

Rothschild was the first to trigger the Shia/ Sunni divide in the middle east  - by poisoning the Islamic scriptures.

What is our NAXAL RED CORRIDOR full of converted Christians with Hindu names  ?

What is our NORTH EAST CHRISTIAN INSURGENCY ?

ISLAMIC TERRORISM IN INDIA IS FUNDED BY ZIONISTS.    THE LEADERS OF ISLAMIC TERRORISTS ORGANISATIONS ARE CRYPTO JEWS .

THE TAMIL SEPARATIST MOVEMENT WAS CREATED AND FUNDED BY ZIONISTS.

THE SIKH SEPARATIST MOVEMENT WAS CREATED AND FUNDED BY ZIONISTS.

NOW THEY HAVE A ZIONIST APCO BRANDED GUJARATI NO 2 TO LEAD INDIA.

WE INDIANS ARE WATCHING YOU MR MODI -- EVERY INCH OF YOUR DAILY ZIONIST SPONSORED PROGRESS ! - 

BE ABSOLUTELY SURE ABOUT THAT  !!

Rothschild sent TE Lawrence to work with the Hashemite forces in the Arabian Hejaz in October 1916. 


There he met and worked with Rothschild agent Major Herbert Garland ( below ) who was an expert in mines and explosive to sabotage the Ottoman Hejaz Railway tracks . 



The Garland grenade was used to stun the enemy to submission. 

Below: Mr Modi, who do you think is training our Naxals to blow up trains ?--Pakistan ?


Don’t ever think Arabs fought with each other on camels using swords. Rothschild decided who would win a battle.


Awarded the Military Cross and appointed an officer of the Order of the British Empire Garland became director of the Arab Bureau after the war and was involved in the post-war negotiations for the future of Arabia.


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/education/news/Delhi-govt-ties-up-with-Rotary-club-to-revamp-schools/articleshow/47402909.cms

WHY IS AK-49 TYING UP WITH ROTARY CLUB ?

DOES HE KNOW THE HISTORY OF ROTARY CLUB STARTED BY ROTHSCHILD ?

Let me quote wiki-
QUOTE:  Rotary International is an international service organization whose stated purpose is to bring together business and professional leaders in order to provide humanitarian services, encourage high ethical standards in all vocations, and help build goodwill and peace in the world. Members usually meet weekly for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, which is a social event as well as an opportunity to organize work on their service goals.: UNQUOTE

Rotary club was founded by Rothschild’s agents before WW1.

All the Free Masons were Rotary club members--   but all Rotary club  members could NOT become Free masons.

Rotary members were vetted by Jewish Free Masons’s and then “Okayed”  for the kick upstairs to the Free Masons’s lodge —all based on his ability to “compromise” his values and loyalty to his WATAN.



The Rotary lapel badge, had the symbol of Freemasonry, the set square and compasses, with the letter 'G' in the centre

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/freemason-lodge-of-calicut-capt-ajit.html

Below : G stands for LUCIFER 


Wanna see the Mumbai Free Mason’s lodge near Sterling Cinema .  

Before 1947 all Jew Rothschild’s stooges were Free Masons--   the richest ones with statues/ portraits  inside the lodges were Opium drug runners of Rothschild..






Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 25, 2015 at 5:57 PM
hi dp,

diana was murdered before she could marry dodi fayed.

diana's toyboy dodi baby's maternal uncle was adnan khashoggi.

ashraf marwan was a partner of Dodi baby's father.at harrods.

Ashraf Marwan the son-in-law of the late Egyptian President Nasser was a Israeli spy.

In the 1970s, he headed the Arab Organization for Industrialization, which had large scale arms dealing partner-ships with Rothschild ( British and French ).

ashraf marwan was murdered by the Israelis.- pushed off 4th floor balcony.

diana's pakistani toyboy hasnat ahmed khan whom she wanted to marry, was a pashtun crypto jew (pathan ).

hasnat khan is a cousin of imran khan the pathan crypto jew pakistani cricketeer who married jewess jemima - daughter of jew goldsmith..

MAJJAA HAI !

KISEE KO KUUCH NAHI PATHA !

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Rothschild knighted his stooge archaeologist for planting FAKE Jewish relics all over Palestine to lay the claim for Israel .

This man was a crypto Jew Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie in Rothschild’s payroll.

He was known for his prolific discoveries under the desert sands.   This is possible only if the things were planted well before and then unearthed in front of cameral and witness .

We know of this in India where our national symbols are attributed to a FAKE Emperor Ashoka , who never existed.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

For long people suspected how Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie would dig at spots which guaranteed results.  As if he had a Geiger counter for ancient Jewish relics up his asshole.


He got caught with his pants done after his death,  when they found a secret room behind his book shelf.  

These were FAKE nay GIANT HOAXES which he had NOT yet planted and unearthed and this included an Annunaki     

This CHEAT archeologist died before that.





From: Kaye Dee
Sent: 31 December 2014 20:12
To: Stevenson, Alice; Quirke, Stephen; jsnyder@imj.org.il; gitler@imj.org.il
Subject: Question regarding "artifacts"

Greetings,

I am contacting you in regards to an article that recently came out regarding some 'artifacts' found in a secret room in Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie's home.  Is there any truth to this or is this a total fabrication?  And if there IS truth to it, would you let the public know or would you suppress this information?

http://www.inquisitr.com/1712601/ufo-and-alien-egyptian-artifacts-discovered-in-jerusalem-kept-secret-by-rockefeller-museum/#yt-NYTy58nzEmk

Thank you in advance for your reply,


Kaye




Below: The FAKE artifacts,( to be planted )  which were discovered in the  home of Sir William Petrie in Jerusalem, were taken away by Rothschild’s agents.   They were buried behind his book shelves .



Now let us get back to the LIAR  Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie who exhumed planted BULL to show that Palestine is indeed the homeland of the Jews.


Where ever Petrie baby and his wife dug in Palestine they found ancient Jewish relics.  So I am cock sure Petrie baby must have a Jewsih relic detection counter up his asshole and his wife Hilda Mary Isabel must surely have another counter deep up her twat.  



Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie, is still celebrated as the "father of Palestine archaeology".

NOT ANY MORE ! 


STARTING FOR THIS MINUTE— THE DATE IS 26TH MAY 2015 AND TIME IS 0931 IST.

Below: Both Jew husband and wife knew exactly where to dig and how deep .




How nicely MIYA AUR BIWEE gave amazing bull “ the recovered objects or fragments serve to fix the chronology with a degree of precision, as pottery was made in different ways and with specific characteristics during each epoch throughout history”


BAAP RE !


THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME ROTHSCHILD USED HIS FAKE ARCHAEOLOGISTS TO FOOL THE WORLD.


Petrie baby spAke “ The Annunaki were of course in Egypt, building the Great Pyramids and using their Gold communication devices such as the Arc of the Covenant.”


TEE HEEEE !

Rothschild did that in India to create a FAKE Emperor Ashoka—a king who converted from BAAAAAAD Hindusim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html


Chinese were convinced that there is NO god,  by Rothschild’s jews .  They used Freemason Charles Darwin to full use.

Darwin's BULLSH#T evolution theory was made compulsory in ALL Chinese schools.


Who is Charles Darwin?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/charles-darwin-and-his-apple-capt-ajit.html


WHICH IS THE GREATEST ROTHSCHILD HOAX ON THIS PLANET?


It is about his attempt to delete God !!


-- for Jewish created Communism says , there aint NO God!!!


To prove that Free Mason Charles Darwin is right that god did NOT create man, false evidence had to be created , exported , imported and manufactured about human evolution( sic!). 

It was necessary to find Darwin’s missing link between ape and man— and baffle the spiritual world..

Enter EVIL pseudo jesuit father Tielhard de Chardin ( below ) —a JEW in the payroll of Rothschild.



This man was a fake Christian padre, and a stooge of Rothschild.

He was a trained Geologist and he scouted all over China looking for the missing link — but actually secretly charting China’s abundant reserves of minerals and natural resources for Rothschild to grab.

Can you imagine what I am talking about here?

A FAKE Peking man and a Piltdown man --as  “missing Darwin links” was manufactured to fool the world.

Below: Skull made with rotary blade cutter and crazy glue.



Father Tielhard de Chardin would first find the Piltdown Man — the missing link from a gravel pit at Piltdown, East Sussex, England in 1912.

This immoral man fooled the world with  a  super paleoanthropological hoax.
  
The Piltdown man skull was constructed with the  lower jawbone of an orangutan with filed down teeth, deliberately combined with the skull of a fully developed modern human.  He faked the appearance of age by staining the bones with an iron solution and chromic acid.

The Piltdown man was to represent an evolutionary missing link between apes and humans, since the combination of a human-like cranium with an ape-like jaw tended to support the notion then prevailing in the West  that human evolution began with the brain.

He would also fool the whole Western world with great funda on Consciousness, Spirit, Mind over Matter etc—all lifted from the Hindu Vedas and Upanishads, without any understanding.

In December 1929, in a cave near Peking,  our Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin would uncover a prehuman bones -- again. 



The Rothschild monopolized media sang the praises of this fake discovery , Peking Man and  acclaimed this as the missing link between erect hunting apes and our Cro-Magnon ancestors.

“Peking Man,”was a just a pathetic  and crude use of monkey bones he had modified to look “human”.


Petrie baby went around giving unsolicited bull “  the culture of Ancient Egypt was derived from an invading Caucasoid "Dynastic Race" which had conquered Egypt in late prehistory and introduced the Pharaonic culture”

SO THE WHITE MAN MADE THE PYRAMIDS , EXACTLY LIKE HOW HE WROTE THE VEDAS ?


TEE HEEEEEEEE !


Petrie BABY claimed that his "Dynastic Race", in which he never ceased to believe, was a "fine" Caucasoid race that entered Egypt from the south in late predynastic times, conquered the "inferior" and "exhausted" "mulatto" race then inhabiting Egypt, and slowly introduced the finer Dynastic civilization as they interbred with the inferior indigenous people.

APPIDIYAAA?

THE JEWS MUST HAVE DONE THIS EVEN BEFORE JUDAISM WAS A THOUGHT ?


TEE HEEEEE !


SORRY-

EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS WERE BUILT BY MAHARISHIS FROM KERALA.

IT INCORPORATED THE SRI YANTRA AND THE GOLDEN MEAN.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/sri-yantra-and-egyptian-pyramids-capt.html


Sorry, till the white man came to India he did NOT have a single invention or discovery top his name.
Whatever he had was Indian knowledge we sold to Arabs for gold.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/perfect-six-pack-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

And before that the Greeks has stolen knowledge from India and patented it in their names. 

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights.

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus.

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/isaac-newton-calculus-thief-capt-ajit.html


100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
 
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/heliocentricity-versus-geocentricity.html


Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world.

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west. 

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.   

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever.

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/mihira-muni-great-astrologer-cum.html


The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.”
 
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks. 

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees.

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’).

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew.

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from  understanding.    For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ?

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history.


DIGRESSION: 

Hindustani DeshbhaktMay 26, 2015 at 9:36 PM
According to the Indian Hindu tradition, should men shave their armpit hair or chest hair or both?
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilMay 26, 2015 at 9:39 PM
hi hd,

god gave pubic and armpit hair for a purpose.

if you paint the balls of a ape in the african jungle SILVER the poor guy will die.

BLACK IS A GOOD RADIATOR OF HEAT AND ALSO A GOOD ABSORBER.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/08/perfect-black-body-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
 

My readers ask me how I know so much.

At sea ,  when we cross large oceans for two or three  weeks you are alone on the navigating bridge as a watchkeeper --   with a helmsman or  watchkeeper or a trainee officer/ cadet for company.
To prevent boredom during day and falling asleep during night we talk.

One old helmsman who was a LASCAR , told me that he got a bottle of whisky from his British Captain for painting the balls of a seaman who was drunk and lying on deck-- with his balls exposed from under his lungi  – 



--left ball RED and right ball GREEN as per the rules of navigation.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/lascar-original-indian-merchant-navy.html



When the inebriated sailor complained to the Captain he promised to take disciplinary action and sent him away.



 After that the captain called the culprit and gave him a bottle of whisky for a JOB WELL DONE.


TEE HEEEEE !



When Rothschild creates regime change to suit his business interests , his minion BENAMI media will publish headlines the next day --

—IT IS BUSINESS AS USUAL.


This is when everything is UNUSUAL and Rothschild’s agents have sold the country in the Zionist whorehouse.



Like I said , the aims of the Balfour declaration and the Sykes-Picot plan were to create a Jewish state in Palestine and partition the oil rich Arabia between British and French ROTHSCHILD FAMILY brothers . 

In this process millions of lives were lost.   The GULLIBLE John Bull and Hilly Billy Yank even now think that they fought for queen and country. These people don’t even know that since the battle of Waterloo, all their leaders were chosen by Jew Rothschild.  

At every US presidential debate we find both Republican and Democrat candidates(  both Rothschild stooges ) arguing desperately as to who prays for Israel more.


Now our Israel darling APCO branded Modi has joined in  –  we now have a TROIKA. 

OH BAAAAAAAA  

OH BIBBEEEEEEE






After WW1 Rothschild’s agents used to meet at Cliveden the palace of Lord Astor, a Opium drug running agent of Rotschild.   This power broking club was called Cliveden Set and TE Lawrence was a member.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html


Lord Waldorf Astor was PM David Lloyd George’s parliamentary private secretary.   Astor's wife Nancy, was the first woman to be to take her seat in the House of Commons.

Below:Queen Elizabeth with Lady Astor at a Cliveden party .  Cant believe that John Bull is putting up with these Lord Fucklands' and Lady Pussyfingers' in this age. They all deserve each other .



Thieves enjoying with stolen weath from India !


One reason why I don't drink is because I wish to know when I am having a good time.---Lady Nancy Astor ( or could it be because you fart when your drink , Nancy baby ?)

Lady Astor said to Churchill, "If you were my husband, I'd poison your tea," to which he responded, "Madam, if you were my wife, I'd drink it!"





In 1908, the Committee for Union and Progress,( CRYPTO JEW Young Turks ), carried out a military coup, overthrew the sultan, and took power in the Ottoman Turkish empire.   Once in power, they carried out a racist campaign of suppressing all non-Turkish minorities.    

Within four years, their anti-minority campaigns provoked the Balkan wars of 1912-13, among Turkey, Greece, Bulgaria, and Serbia. By 1914, these wars had triggered World War I, with Turkey becoming an ally of Germany.

Within seven years of coming into power, the CRYPTO JEWISH Young Turks destroyed the Ottoman Empire.   Rothschild’s agents and spies had manipulated every nationalist group in the Empire, both the Young Turks, and their opponents.

When the Young Turks took power, the Ottoman Empire still included Syria, Iraq, Jordan, Palestine, and the Arabian Peninsula. The empire still included much of the Balkans: half of Greece, half of Bulgaria, half of Serbia, and all of Albania.

The Young Turks also raised the banner of a pan-Islamic state. The idea was to bring all the OIL / GAS RICH Muslim peoples of the world into one empire—  to be ruled by ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED CRYPTO JEW ROYAL BLOODLINES. 

WHEN THE ENTIRE OIL/ GAS IS SUCKED OUT  , DEMOCRATIC POWER WOULD BE HANDED TO THE MUSLIM PEOPLE .

ROTHSCHILD LOVES CRYPTO JEWS MASQUERADING AS MUSLIMS .    

THIS GIVES HIS A HEADY SENSE OF POWER—  THIS BIZARRE BEHAVIOR IS APPLICABLE TO ALL PSYCHOPATHS  .


HAVE YOU SEEN HOW MANY “CRYPTO JEW ISLAMIC CELEBRITIES”  PUSH JEWISH PRODUCTS ON TV ?

The Rothschild's funded the early European Jew settlers in Israel.

It was Rothschild’s who did FALSE FLAG ATTACKS on Jews in Germany and it was Rothschild’s media who told endless LIES to show that the Jew in Germany was being persecuted by Hitler.

The FAKE horrific treatment of Jewish people was then used that as the excuse to reach their long-term goal ­ a Rothschild-Zionist stronghold in Palestine with the Jewish population treated like fodder to be used and abused as necessary.    

They called their plan 'Zionism', and the planning and manipulation began in 19th and early 20th centuries, through Rothschilds agents and spies .

TODAY OUR ROTHSCHILD OWNED BENAMI MEDIAIS DOING THE SAME THING  - DOING ENDLESS LYING RABBLE ROUSING ABOUT RAPE ,  RACISM AGAINST DALITS etc  .  

OUR ROTHSCHILD DARLINGS PM MODI AND I&B MINISTER ARUN JAITLEY ARE ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN –

THEY SEEM TO BE ENJOYING THE LIES OF THE ZIONIST OWNED INDIAN MEDIA AND EVEN FANNING IT .    

ZIONIST APCO BRANDED PM MODI IS BOUND TO VISIT ISRAEL SOON .


ZIONIST DARLING  ARUN JAITLEY IS LOVED BY THE INDIAN MEDIA  ..


BASTARD - SON OF A BITCH  Gen Charles Townshend was knighted by Rothschild while he was hiding in great luxury at of Halki ( Heybeliada ) on the Sea of Marmara,while he was supposed to be suffering as a POW at Kut El Amara POW camp.

Same thing happened in India.

Gandhi and the Chitpavan Jew –nay- Brahmin freedom fighters were supposed to be in jail at horrible jails , while they  were living in Rothschild provided opulent luxury in palaces and bunglows hidden from public view . 


Chitpavan Jew- nay- Brahmin  Lok Manya  Bal Gangadhara Tilak had written ARCTIC HOME IN THE VEDAS ( giving away our priceless Vedas to the white skinned, blue eyed blond haired man ) along with Rothschild stooge Max Muller while he was supposed to be in the dreaded Mandalay jail in Burma . 





Contrary to what Rothschild historians have written and romantic episodes of LAWRENCE OF ARABIA on Rothschild monopolized Hollywood screen,  almost ALL the  Arabic-speaking Muslim population remained loyal to the Turks until the bitter end, viewing the Hashemite insurrection with disdain.  

Even in his hometown of Mecca the sharif Hussain didn’t command absolute loyalty.    Had he not been heavily armed and fed by Rothschild’s British and French family branches and provided with troops, military guidance and lavish shipments of gold to BRIBE Bedouin loyalty, Hussein would have never been able to launch his uprising, let alone sustain it.

Time to dish out the bitter truth.

The GREAT ARAB REVOLT against the Islamic Ottoman Empire is pure nonsense. 


Contrary to what the Rothschild historian wrote the family of Hussein does NOT have a bloodline connection to Mohammad the Prophet.  

In 1943, Rothschild asked the the Saudi ambassador to Egypt, Abdullah bin Ibrahim al Muffadal, to bribe  Muhammad al Tamami to forge a family tree showing that the Sauds and Wahhabs were one family that descended directly from the Prophet Mohammed.

 The emirate of Transjordan (later to be known as the Kingdom of Jordan) was established in 1921 to satisfy the ambitions of Hussein’s second son, Abdullah, while in the same year the modern state of Iraq was created at the instigation of Abdullah’s younger brother Faisal.   

Hussein himself became king of the Hijaz, Islam’s birthplace, only to be DOUBLE CROSSED by Rothschild and kicked out a few years later by Rothschild stooge Abdul Aziz ibn Saud, the founding father of Saudi Arabia.

As King, Ibn Saud presided over the discovery of petroleum in Saudi Arabia in 1938 and the beginning of large-scale oil production after World War II. He fathered many children, including 45 sons from 22 wives , and all of the subsequent kings of Saudi Arabia.

In 1925, the forces of Ibn Saud captured the holy city of Mecca from Sharif Hussein, ending 700 years of Hashemite rule. On 8 January 1926, the leading figures in Mecca, Madina and Jeddah were bribed by Rothschild to proclaim Ibn Saud the King of Hejaz.


On 20 May 1927, the British government signed the Treaty of Jeddah, which abolished the Darin protection agreement and recognized the independence of the Hejaz and Najd with Ibn Saud as its ruler.

Ibn Saud had to first eliminate the right of his own father in order to rule, and then distance and contain the ambitions of his five brothers – particularly his oldest brother Muhammad who fought with him during the battles and conquests that had given birth to the state


Wahhabi conquest of the Arabian peninsula, came at the cost of 400,000 killed and wounded. Cities such as Ta’if, Burayda, and al Hufa suffered all out massacres carried out by the Ikhwan. 

The governors of the various provinces appointed by Ibn Saud are said to have carried out 40,000 public executions and 350,000 amputations. Ibn Saud’s cousin, Abdullah ibn Musallim ibn Jilawi, the most brutal among the family, set about subjugating the Shiah population, by executing thousands.

The mandate for Palestine was drafted by JEW Felix Frankfurter, the prominent American Zionist, who afterwards became Chief Advisor in the White House to President Roosevelt, and also United States Supreme Court Justice

Jew Winston Churchill would serve in the House of Commons for 60 years, elected from 6 different districts (Oldham, Manchester North West, Dundee, Epping, and Woodford). He would serve Britain for an additional 20 years in ministerial positions and twice serve as Prime Minister.

Always at the right place at the right time, thanks to Rothschild , Winstoon Churchill was the First Lord of the Admiralty at the start of WWI.

The Balfour Declaration was given to the Jews in Palestine with the strict instructions to "Keep it a secret from the Arabs".

These Palestine Jews would help organize the Arabs into a fifth column, to revolt against the Ottoman Empire of the Turks.

The Arab Muslims would have beheaded British Lawrence of Arabia if they had the slightest hint of the existence of the Balfour Declaration, which would give their Muslims lands over to Jews, after they had helped Great Britain free Palestine from the Ottoman Turks. It goes without saying that Churchill never told English Christians about his Balfour Declaration.

Ibn Saud was placed upon the throne of Saudi Arabia, only after he pledged to accept the Jewish Home in Palestine. Likewise for each and every other Arab royal leader in the region.

Early in the morning of June 10, 1916, just as the call to prayer trailed off over the rooftops of Mecca, Sherif Hussein pointed a rifle out of a window of his home and fired. Hussein's Hashemite clan's flag was unfurled. 

The revolt had officially begun as per Rothschild’s media with Arab Muslim tribes running around on camels with swords with TE Lawrence with pink rouge on his cheeks riding at the lead and Yank Thomas Lowell clicking photos like crazy..

The Rothschilld historians did NOT write about the hundreds of bombs dropped by sea planes  from HMS Raven on Ottoman garrisons , and the British cruisers Hardinge , Fox etc pounding them from sea.  In the air, the Royal Flying Corps  sent B.E.2 two-seaters, the Bristol F.2B fighter-bomber and  Handley Page bombers.

With railway supply lines cut by aerial bombing, and crypto Jew young Turks being enemies from within, more than 40,000 Ottoman soldiers had been captured.  Arab tribesmen with Rothschild supplied guns made merry and  "murdered in cold blood every Turk they came across"

At the San Remo Conference in 1920, France and Britain sliced up the Middle East, drawing sometimes ruler-straight borders, disregarding ethnic, linguistic, and religious affiliations as they conjured up new countries. They called these states "mandates" instead of what they really were: colonies. 

Churchill and his staff renamed Mesopotamia as Iraq. Ignoring the orderly Ottoman system's divisions, they crammed Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Arab, and Kurdish groups into Iraq's artificial borders. Moreover, its tip was snipped off, made into Kuwait, and the CRYPTO JEW  tribe most willing to work with the British found itself elevated to kings. 

The British then rigged Iraqi "elections" and Feisal was proclaimed king. Although Abdullah's descendants still rule in Jordan, Feisal's line was extinguished in a ROTHSCHILD CONDUCTED coup after his death. .

A gusher was struck at Kirkuk in 1927, making Iraq the second largest oil producer (after Persia) in the Middle East. A pipeline was built to the Mediterranean, and Iraq did not have to worry about revenue after that. Oil was “discovered”  on Bahrain in 1932 and in Kuwait in 1938

Saddam Hussein's 1990 invasion of Kuwait, as monstrous as it was, had historical grounds. More chilling, Osama bin Laden has specifically blamed the Sykes-Picot Agreement for breaking "the Islamic world into fragments."  

The Zionist State of Israel was conceived in iniquity and birthed through the application of organised terror that succeeded in expelling countless Palestinians from their ancestral lands. Zionist apologists, of course, strenuously deny that organised terror was used in the founding of the Zionist Sate on ancient Arab lands.

The power vacuum caused by the demise of the ancient Turkish sultanate was filled by European imperial power namely British and French Rothschild stooges . Most of the east coast of the Mediterranean including Palestine fell under the British Mandate, which was given legal basis by a "Covenant" of the League of Nations. 

An international agreement largely written by the Zionist agent, the South African genera and politician Jan Smuts (1870-1950). However, the actual drafting of the legal language of the Mandate was written by Jewish-American Zionist intriguer and Harvard Law Professor Felix Frankfurter at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.   

The "Jewish homeland" in Palestine was the price of America's entry into the First World War, even though the president who led it into the Great War, President Wilson, had been elected on the solemn pledge of keeping America out of war.

Soon after World War One broke out the Germans got the upper hand and in 1916 they sued for peace and offered Britain a genuine Peace Treaty. However, although millions, of young men were dying on the battlefields of France the British Government declined. 

What made them do this? What made the British Government continue the slaughter of an entire generation of young men?

When the German offer was made, the Zionists in Britain went to the British War Cabinet and (as detailed in their own records now archived in the British Museum) made a counter offer. The Zionist intriguers offered the prospect of victory to the British Government: they argued that Britain did not have to agree to a humiliating peace treaty but actually win the war. 

This, the Zionist Jews said could be done by them manoeuvring America into the war on Britain's side provided they -Zionist Jews- got a Palestine in return.   

The Zionist War Leaders had promised the beleaguered British Government the Power of the Jew Rothschild’s Purse and Jewish Political Power in their support, but especially a promise to get America into the war. Hence, the appearance of the infamous "Balfour Declaration" in 1917.

The infamous "Balfour Declaration," the Zionist Mandate for Palestine, this "brief statement of less than eleven lines" has changed history. It has been used as an "international charter" by the Zionist Movement as a pretext and justification for its colonisation of ancient Arab lands by an alien people calling themselves "the Jews."   

Students of REAL History understands that what is passed off as official history is invariably a smoke screen for the powerbrokers making their power moves. And so too with the events surrounding the "Balfour Declaration."

Rothschild historians wrote about great joy among Arabs on being liberated from Ottoman empire—FOUL LIES --   

TE Lawrence wrote  "Damascus went mad with joy, the men tossed up their tarbushes to cheer, the women tore off their veils. Householders threw flowers, hangings, carpets into the road before us: their wives leaned, screaming with laughter, through the lattices and splashed us with bath-dippers of scent. For the first time in centuries, the Arabs were free of Ottoman rule  "

HEY TE turd eating LAWRENCE   -  DID THE WOMEN TAKE OFF THEIR CROTCHLESS LACE PANTIES AND WAVE AT YOU TOO ?  

AND DID GAY MEN SHOW YOU THEIR RAGING HARD ONs ?

Otoman Sultan  Abdul Hamid II was vilified by the CRYPTO JEW Young Turks as a tyrant, but his only real crime appears to have been to refuse to meet Zionist leader Theodore Herzl during a visit to Constantinople in 1901 and reject Zionist and Dönmeh offers of money in return for the Zionists to be granted control of Jerusalem

Millions of innocent women and children lost their lives—to carve out the state of Israel.

Judaism's notion of the "chosen people" is the source of racism in Zionism.

Towards the end of WWII, the murderous Haganah and Stern Gangs were deployed by the Rothschild bankers to terrorize Palestinians and steal their land. 

The Israeli Mossad is less a national intelligence agency than it is a Rothschild family security force.

What happened in Libya and now in Syria is a classic covert operation conjured by Western intelligence and funded by the GCC which attempts to seize oilfields belonging to the people of Libya/ Iran and gas fields owned by Syrians and hand them over to the Rothschild’s agents. 

DOES ALICE IN GUJJULAND PM MODI EVEN KNOW WHO RUNS THE NAXAL MOVEMENT IN INDIA ? —   


HE IS RUSHING OFF TO ISRAEL TO HUG HIS LANGOT YAAR BIBEEEEEEE .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html

EVIL GAME OF ZIONIST JEWS !

 



Grace and peace !



Rathna sanu sarasanam, rajathadri srunga nikethanam,
Sinchini krutha pannageswarachyuthahana sayakam,
Kshipra dhagdha pura thrayam thri divalayairabhi vanditham,
Chandra shekaramasraye mama kim karishyathi vai yama.

I seek refuge in Him, who has the moon,
Who made the mountain of jewels in to his bow,
Who resides on the mountain of silver,
Who made the serpent Vasuki as rope,
Who made Lord Vishnu as arrows,
And quickly destroyed the three cities,
And who is saluted by the three worlds,
And so what can the God of death do to me?

Pancha paada pa pushpa gandhambhuja dwaya shobitham,
Phala lochana jatha pavaka dagdha manmatha vigraham,
Basma digdha kalebharam, bhava nasanam, bhava mavyayam,
Chandra shekaramasraye mama kim karishyathi vai yama.

I seek refuge in Him, who has the moon,
Who shines with the pair of his lotus like feet,
Which are worshipped by the scented flowers of five kalpaka trees,
Who burnt the body of God of love,
Using the fire from the eyes on his forehead,
Who applies ash all over his body,
Who destroys the sorrow of life,
And who does not have destruction,
And so what can the God of death do to me?

Matha varana mukhya charma kruthothareeya mahoharam,
Pankajasana padma lochana poojithangri saroruham,
Deva sindhu tharanga seekara siktha jatadharam,
Chandra shekaramasraye mama kim karishyathi vai yama.

I seek refuge in Him, who has the moon,
Who is the stealer of minds because of his upper cloth,
Made of the skin of the ferocious elephant,
Who has lotus like feet which are worshipped,
By Lord Brahma and Lord Vishnu,
And who has matted hair drenched by drops,
Of the waves of the holy river Ganga,
And so what can God of death do to me?

Yaksha raja sakham bhagaksha haram bhujanga bhooshanam,
Shila raje suthaa parish krutha charu vama kalebharam,
Kshweda neela galam praswadha dharinam mruga dharinam,
Chandra shekaramasraye mama kim karishyathi vai yama.

I seek refuge in Him, who has the moon,
Who is friend of Lord Khubhera,
Who destroyed the eyes of Bhaga,
Who wears serpent as ornament,
Whose left part of the body is decorated,
By the daughter of the king of mountain,
Whose neck is blue because of the poison,
Who is armed with an axe,

And who carries a deer with Him,
******************************************************************************
KIDNEY AND GALLBLADDER STONES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THIS IS A SUBJECT WHERE SOME OF MY READERS WANTED INFORMATION.

IT IS BEST EXPLAINED WITH PICTURES.

BEFORE WE GOT TO EAT AND DRINK WESTERN FOODS, WE INDIANS NEVER HAD SUCH PROBLEMS.

6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDA SAYS THAT 85% OF HUMAN DISEASES ORIGINATE IN THE GUT.

GM FOODS WITH ARTIFICIAL FERTILISERS,  FRUITS AND VEGGIES DOUSED IN PESTICIDES,  TOXIC HUMPLESS COW A1 MILK,  TOXIC VEGETABLE COOKING OILS .

WHEN I WAS A SMALL BOY WE JUST HAD TWO MEDICAL SHOPS IN CALICUT- TODAY WE HAVE HUNDREDS .

EVIL PHARMA IS LAUGHING ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK-  THANKS TO WESTERN PROCESSED FOODS .

THEY HAVE SPONSORS LIKE OUR OWN PM MODI , WHO WANTS TO GIFT INDIANS WITH GM KELA, GM DHAL, GM CHAAWAL --

GREEN REVOLUSSAN, WHITE REVOLUSSAN ,  FDI IN RETAIL --  TABIYAT KELIYE  ACHCHA HAI --  APCO WAALON NE BOLA HAI ! 



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/formalin-as-fish-preservative-and.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/ayurvedic-massage-and-quantum-medicine.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/probiotics-prebiotics-friendly-gut.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/no-farting-please-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


PICTURES OF GALL STONES:--











































PICTURES OF KIDNEY STONES :--
















































The human body cures itself.  The medicines created by the human body has NO side effects .

Excessive medication from EVIL PHARMA does more harm than good.

You have NO idea how much damage a commonplace Paracetamol tablet can do to your liver.

To add to our woes we have MANAGEMENT QUOTA in our medical colleges .  Most of these pea brained doctors have NO perception to any sort of useful diagnosis— as they have NOT become doctors by merit.. 

WHY IS THE INDIAN GOVT ALLOWING THIS?

CHRISTIAN MEDICAL COLLEGES ARE IN CAHOOTS WITH THE EVANGELISTS TO CONVERT HINDUS .

On 18 July 2013, i.e. the day of his retirement, a bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir quashed NEET for Medical College entrance. ( National Eligibility cum-Entrance Test for admission to MBBS, BDS and post-graduate courses in medical and dental colleges ).

Recently my neighbor friend a Gujarati man was given some western medicines by a doctor to suppress his chicken pox.    He went into a coma with tubes sticking all over his body.  His entire life’s savings are washed out.   Unable to seen his lovely family in such a terrible condition ( with a pretty daughter of marriageable age ) , the entire neighborhood contributed large amounts of money .

Altamas Kabir that the NEET test had the effect of depriving the States, state-run universities and all medical colleges and institutions, including those enjoying the constitutional protection, of their right to admit students to MBBS, BDS and postgraduate courses as per their own procedures, beliefs and dispensations. 

So we Indians must continue going to doctors who got their MBBS by paying 85 lakh donation ( management quota is alleged to be easy if you convert to Christianity ) rather than merit.  

The decision of SC to discontinue NEET left the students disappointed because the single window admission system of NEET offered transparency, exempted medical students from taking various entrance tests and exempted them from paying donation or capitation fees.

HOW MANY OF THESE JUDGES WILL FLY IN A PASSENGER PLANE WITH A QUACK PILOT ?

Today these doctors convince you that your GALL BLADDER is expendable , like your appendix.
Sorry, god has NOT given you any extra useless appendage body part.

THIS BLOGSITE IS THE FIRST ON THE PLANET TO SPELL OUT THE USE OF THE HUMAN APPENDIX- I CHALLENGE ANYBODY TO PROVE ME WRONG.

YES, I AM A SHIP CAPTAIN  - BUT THEN I DO NOT NEED TO BE A 85 LAKH “NOT SO BRIGHT” HEN TO JUDGE AN OMELET .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/human-appendix-misunderstood-organ-capt.html


JUST LAST WEEK I READ THAT THE MODI GOVT PLANS TO INTRODUCE ZINC RICH GM RICE .

LET ME REMIND THE MAD MEN-

THIS RICE WILL KILL INDIANS WITH KIDNEY STONES.

FUCKING CHOOTS !




http://biotechin.asia/2015/05/29/indian-scientists-develop-rice-rich-in-zinc-to-fight-malnutrition/



OH YES --   

WE HAVE A ZIONIST DARLING GOVT LED BY  APCO BRANDED PM MODI --   AND THE ZIONISTS HAVE A DEPOPULATION AGENDA IN INDIA.   

ZIONIST DARLING MODI WILL BE RUSHING OFF TO ISRAEL SOON 


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Scientists-in-Chhattisgarh-develop-high-zinc-rice-that-may-play-crucial-role-in-fighting-malnutrition/articleshow/47386204.cms

WE GET LEAD IN OUR ZIONIST SUPPLIED PROCESSED FOOD.

THOUGH THE MODI GOVT KNOWS THAT COKE / PEPSI IS BAD FOR INDIA ( kidney stones / fatty liver ) , THEY WILL ENCOURAGE THESE ZIONIST MULTINATIONALS--    

DONASSAN MILTA HAI NA ?

LANGOT YAARs BAAAAAA AUR BIBBEEEEE KO NAARAZ NAHI KARNA HAI !




OH BAAAAAAAAAA - HUM DHANNYA HO GAYA  !

OH BIBBEEEEEEEEEE - AUR BARAK MISSILE KHAREEDOONGA !!






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/understanding-obesity-shedding.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/type-2-diabetes-evolving-epidemic-in.html




Zinc RICH foods like oysters, crab liver, red meats , poultry, spinach, wheat germ, beans, mushrooms, and cocoa — must be eaten in moderate amounts. 


There are Multi Vitamin Zionist companies ( like CENTRUM ) who push ZINC for older people – this is a clear case of Vitamin induced kidney stones.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/uric-acid-oxidation-of-purines-capt.html





Take a look at the list of ingredients from the strawberry flavoring of a milkshake served at a zip-through restaurant: ( I am a chemical man )

Amyl acetate, amyl butyrate, amyl valerate, anethol, anisyl formate, benzyl acetate, benzyl isobutyrate, butyric acid, cinnamyl isobutyrate, cinnamylvalerate, cognac essential oil, diacetyl, dipropyl ketone, ethyl butyrate, ethyl cinnamate, ethyl heptanoate, ethyl lactate, ethyl methylphenylglycidate, ethyl Nitrate, ethyl propionate, ethyl valerbate, heliotropin, hydroxphrenyl-2butanone(10% solution to alcohol), a-ionone, isobutyl anthranilate, isobutyl butrate, lemon essential oil, maltol, 4-methylacetophenone, methyl anthranilate, methyl benzoate, methyl cinnamate, methyl heptine carbone, methyl naphthyl ketone, methyl slicylate, mint essential oil, neroli essential oil, nerolin, neryl isobulyrate, orris butter, phenethyl alcohol, sore rum ether, g-undecalctone, vanillin, and solvent3


This is just a small sampling of the SIX THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED chemicals used to process foods.




Whenever sodium benzoate is exposed to vitamin C, it forms pure benzene WHICH IS HIGHLY CARCINOGENIC .   It is astounding that our chemical industry found a method through which they could make vitamin C dangerous.

Virtually all soft drinks currently have added synthetic vitamin C in the form of ascorbic acid, as if that would make the drinks healthy. 




This leads to the inevitable creation of dangerous benzene. Its inclusion causes a decrease of red blood cells, a severe depression of the immune system which produces generalized allergy symptoms, leukemia, various other blood cancers, and pre-cancerous blood conditions.



A preservative is a chemical suitable for killing bacteria, fungi, and anything else that could otherwise live inside a product. Preservatives do not keep foods "fresh", as marketers contend. They are instead toxic enough to ensure that nothing in a food item can survive. Therefore, if sodium benzoate is the most effective preservative currently authorized, it must be most poisonous one.


These harmful chemicals are used to :-
Color – children get attracted to a orange soda neon glow
Stabilize - So your gravy isn't watery
Emulsify – to prevent sedimentation and to mix oil/water by static electric charge
Bleach - disinfect and deodorize
Texturize – to prevent  soggy cereal...
Soften -  to make ice cream softies
Preserve -  to extend the expiry date
Sweeten -  Sugar is sweet but saccharin and aspartame is sweeter
Hide Odors – fool your olfactory senses

Flavor – artificial flavorings for every season.


Methods used to process foods include:
Canning
Freezing
Refrigeration
Dehydration
Aseptic Processing

Processed foods have been altered from their natural state for extending shelf life and to laugh all the way to the bank. It is all about money—never nutrition.

More than 90% of the money the hilly billy yank spends on food is used to buy processed items.


The simplest way you can assess the nutritional value of food is to see how animals, insects, bacteria, and fungi respond to it.    Real foods rot and grow mold over time.  

Conversely, processed, packaged foods remain largely the same in appearance and shape, no matter what their age. 

Processed foods are synthetic, and the ingredients are subject to heavy tampering and modifications—none of which is good for your health.  

Processed foods are pumped full of GMOs.  The foundation of most processed foods in grocery stores today spring from laboratories, not nature.   Depopulation of the third world is being done by FDI in multibrand retail. 

You know your politicians , BENAMI media and moth eaten perception moulders who batted for FDI in retail in food , right?   

We have crypto Jew Indian  MUSLIM celebrities advertising for Jewish processed foods.

These processed foods have been disassembled: their natural fibers, enzymes, vitamins, have been altered and removed so the foods will live longer on the shelf.  

They're processed to wreak havoc on your digestive system. Consumption of packaged foods will pollute your internal ecosystem, disrupting beneficial bacteria and increasing infection.  Most of these foods are sheer  poison.

Genetically-modified organisms (GMOs), which have been linked to infertility, organ damage, and cancer.   Excessive amounts of these foods entail weight gain, pollutes your blood stream, and can permanently effect the composition and function of your intestines.

In order to grow the GMOs used in processed foods, conventional farmers apply Roundup (glyphosate) along with other pesticides and herbicides, which end up in the crop. Some breakfast cereals out there contain more than 75 different types of pesticides, fumigation chemicals, and other residues.


Yesterday I heard some BENAMI TV anchors , declaring that they would still have their breakfast cereals and Maggi stuff— never mind the toxic contents 

 Modified foods contain  additives like phosphate that magnify taste, texture, and shelf-life.   These carcinogens  cause rapid aging, kidney failure, and weak bones.  Phosphates  destroy your organs and bones.






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/sterilisation-deaths-of-13-tribalwomen.html


The solution to improving your health , losing weight and avoiding gall bladder/ kidney stones is as simple as swapping processed foods for real food..  Real food is the key to good health, processed food is not.

Our scientists have NOT even unearthed the TIP of the iceberg when it comes to vitamins and minerals required by the body abundantly present in grains, vegetables and fruits.   All they know is Vitamin A, B C, D etc.


Further, there's no way that a lab can "add back in" all of the thousands of phytochemicals and trace nutrients found in whole foods.   Science hasn't even begun to uncover even a small percentage of them.   


Real natural organic foods contain much more than just the standard vitamins and minerals that we’re all familiar with.    Real foods… contain thousands of other trace nutrients that science does not even have a WHIFF of.

The best way to ensure your body gets the benefits of all the vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and more that nature has to offer is to eat whole, unprocessed foods.


Processed foods more often than not  have the real nutrition processed right out, then sometimes added back in in the form of synthetic vitamins and minerals.  Your Multinational company made breakfast cereal is full of eye catching vitamins –which do NO good to you.    

Synthetic vitamins and minerals are added to the foods to compensate for what was lost during processing.   However, synthetic nutrients are NOT a good replacement for the nutrients found in whole foods-- most of these additions are just to impress the shit out of you ..

These synthetics do not fool your body, and will not provide the whole, synergistic nutrition that eating whole food will.  


The more you eat of processed foods, the less you will get of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and various trace nutrients.


The more you eat of processed foods, the less you will get of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and various trace nutrients.

BEFORE THESE PROCESSED FOODS CAME TO INDIA , WE NEVER HAD EVIL PHARMA STRIKING IT RICH.

OUR MOTHERS, SISTERS  AND WIVES COOKED WHOLESOME FOOD FOR US.

THE NEW WORLD ORDER WANTS TO BREAK THE FAMILY SYSTEM IN INDIA , SO THAT EITHER MEN COOK FOR THEMSELVES OR ARE FORCED TO BUY FAST FOODS AND PROCESSED FOODS.

Below: The TATTU pickle John who will breast feed his baby , while his chutney Mary wife goes to office-- her boss and her peon want her in office -- MAANGTHA HAI !




If you see “artificial flavor” on an ingredients list, it could mean that there are more than a dozen  additional chemicals that are blended in to give a specific flavor.


Processed Foods tend to be low in fiber.  The human guts needs it pre and pro biotics from REAL food.

The fiber that is found naturally in foods is often lost during processing, or intentionally removed.
Fiber  slows down the absorption of carbohydrates and help us feel more satisfied with fewer calories. Soluble fiber helps treat  constipation.

It requires less energy and time to digest processed foods.  Food manufacturers want their processed food products to have a long shelf life.   They also want each batch of the product to have a similar consistency and they want their foods to be easily consumed.

Given the way foods are processed, they are often very easy to chew and swallow. Sometimes, it’s almost as if they melt in your mouth.

Most of the fiber has been taken out and the ingredients are refined, isolated nutrients that don’t resemble the whole foods they came from.

One consequence of this is that it takes less energy to eat and digest processed foods.
  
The Thermic Effect of Food (TEF) is a measure of how much different foods stimulate energy expenditure after eating. It totals about 10% of total energy expenditure (metabolic rate) in the average person.

People who eat processed food will cut their TEF in half, effectively reducing the amount of calories they burn throughout the day.

We only burn half as many calories digesting and metabolizing processed foods compared to whole foods.

Processed foods are often high in carbs, but it is usually the refined variety.  Refined, “simple” carbohydrates are quickly broken down in the digestive tract, leading to rapid spikes in blood sugar and insulin levels.

This can lead to carb cravings a few hours later when blood sugar levels go down again. This phenomenon is also called the “blood sugar roller coaster” – which many people who have been on a high-carb diet can relate to.

The carbohydrates you find in processed foods are usually refined, “simple” carbohydrates. These lead to rapid spikes in blood sugar and insulin levels and cause negative health effects.

Processed foods are chemically processed and made solely from refined ingredients and artificial substances.

IS INDIA A DESERT NATION THAT WE HAVE TO BUY SUCH TOXIC PROCESSED FOODS?  

CHILDREN BROUGHT UP ON A PROCESSED FOOD DIET SCORE VERY LOW MARKS IN SCHOOL.


HAVE YOU SEEN OUT OF SHAPE CHITPAVAN  MADHURI DIXIT DANCING AWAY TO GLORY ON TV — 

INSTEAD OF COOKING WHOLESOME FOOD FOR THE FAMILY, POUR HOT WATER ON MAGGI NOODLEs  AND CALL IT THE EPITOME OF INDIAN MOTHERs SACRIFICE ,RIGHT?

Below: Healthy breakfast after healthy workout ? 



The healthy breakfast cereal which TV anchors are pushing on TV is toxic.  Your super nutritious morning cereal meal is usually contaminated with a health-harming mold which is linked to cancer and Alzheimer’s..   An example is toxic ochratoxin (OTA).

Most FORTIFIED CEREALS cause stones in gall bladder and kidney.  Pregnant women deliver “not so bright” babies.  Most genetic diseases are diseases which doctors do NOT understand. A lot of these genetic diseases are poor processed food choices made by the mother.  EVIL PHARMA and doctors are laughing all the way to the bank.

Zionist multinational manufacturers  use vitamin and mineral fortification to sell their products, adding amounts in excess of what people need and more than might be prudent for young children to consume, like Zinc, Vit A ,Niacin etc

Since vitamin A is a fat-soluble vitamin, it is more susceptible to toxicity because your body stores it, whereas any excess of a water-soluble vitamin is excreted. Too much vitamin A leads to liver damage, skeletal defects, and hair loss, and during pregnancy .  

Excessive A can result in developmental abnormalities in the fetus.   Since most woman who are pregnant are taking a pre-natal vitamin that includes A, it is very important to know how much you are consuming from other sources.

A HUGE PERCENTAGE OF INDIAN CHILDREN NOW SUFFER FROM FATTY LIVER – AS POLITICAL PARTIES PROMOTES ZIONIST SOFT DRINKS ( ELECTION DONATION ).

WE FIND CRYPTO JEW INDIAN MUSLIM CELEBRITIES AGGRESSIVELY BRANDING JEWISH SOFT DRINKS AND PROCESSED FOODS ON TV.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html


Vitamin A comes either from animal sources and is called retinoids (which includes retinol) or from plants and is called carotenoids (which includes beta-carotene).   The body converts beta-carotene to vitamin A, so beta-carotene does not accumulate in the body like retinoids and is not harmful to a fetus.

AMERICA IS A NATION FULL OF “NOT SO BRIGHT” HILLY BILLY YANKS—  

INDIA IS SURELY AND STEADILY GOING ON THE SAME ROAD THANKS TO PROCESSED FOODS, TOXIC HUMPLESS COW A1 MILK,  GM FOODS/ VEG OILS etc




Almost all Zionist processed foods contain dozens of additional chemicals that aren’t even listed on the label.  There is a depopulation agenda of the NEW WORLD ORDER embedded.  

India never had a problem with infertility and autistic children before we allowed these “ political donation “ splurging Zionist multinationals running free in our country in the garb of FDI in retail..

“Artificial flavor” is a proprietary blend.   Manufacturers don’t have to disclose exactly what it means and it is usually a combination of highly toxic chemicals.  Almost all  highly processed foods are loaded with artificial chemicals, including flavorants, texturants, colorants and preservatives.

Do NOT be fooled by labels like “whole grains” that are often plastered on processed food packages, including breakfast cereals.

These are usually whole grains that have been pulverized into very fine flour and are just as harmful as their refined counterparts.

Processed foods are usually high in sugar and High Fructose Corn Syrup.   Preservatives in processed and tinned foods are toxic chemicals that prevent the food from rotting.
  
Almost all processed foods are low in nutrients, never mind what a Chitpavan Madhuri Dixit jumping around like a sack of potatoes tells you on TV.

Processed foods are often high in trans fats or processed vegetable oils.  Humped vedic cow A1 milk Ghee and virgin coconut oils are the only really healthy cooking oils.

Processed foods are often high in unhealthy fats.

They contain cheap fats, refined seed- and GM vegetable oils (like soybean oil) that are often hydrogenated… which turns them into trans fats.

Almost all vegetable oils ( other than virgin coconut oil/ghee ) are extremely unhealthy and most people are eating way too much of them already.

These fats contain excessive amounts of Omega-6 fatty acids, which can drive oxidation and inflammation in the body –propelling you to the road of DEATH

Hydrogenated (trans) fats are among the most  unhealthy substances you can put into your body

The best way to avoid seed oils and trans fats is to avoid processed foods.   Eat real fats like ghee, and vigin coconut oil instead.
  
Real food is the key to good health, processed food is not. 

Like I said , most processed foods are laden with sweeteners, salts, artificial flavors, factory-created fats, colorings, chemicals that alter texture, and preservatives.    But the trouble is not just what’s been added, but what’s been taken away.   

Processed foods are often stripped of nutrients designed by nature to protect your heart, such as soluble fiber, antioxidants, and “good” fats.

Zionist owned BENAMI media and their SUPARI FED presstitutes push processed and packaged foods .  

Zionist advertisements incite Indian woman to revolt and shatter the harmony of Indian homes.. 

WE HAVE THE MODI GOVERNMENT IN CAHOOTS ! 

OUR BENAMI MEDIA LOVES OUR I&B MINISTER AND ZIONIST DARLING ARUN JAITLEY .



If a woman earns even 100 rupees more that her husband , she is incited to wear the pants in the family, wear a MENTAL DILDO and screw her husband – do oneupmanship, make him cook and do the kitchen chores.  



Of course the easy way out is 2 minute foods.




Hilly Billy yanks are DUMB because America runs of toxic cold cereals and toxic A1 humpless cow milk. In India we do NOT get nutritious A2 humped vedic cow milk anymore—thanks to the WHITE REVOLUTION of Kerala Syrian Jew nay Christian Verghese Kurian.

ZIONIST DARLING PM MODI KEEPS PRAISING HIS GUJARATI MILK MARKETING FEDERATIONS AND AMUL WHICH SELLS ONLY TOXIC A1 HUMPLESS COW MILK.   

ISRAEL DARLING MODI IS NOW PUSHING GM FOODS IN INDIA  ALONG WITH BENAMI MEDIA .

 BENAMI PRESSTITUTES LOVE PM MODI WHEN HE PUSHES GM FOODS, JEWISH ARMS AND KICKS BRICS IN THE TEETH.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html


Toxic Trans fats are in moist bakery muffins and crispy crackers, microwave popcorn and fast-food French fries,

Trans fats are worse for your heart than saturated fats because they boost your levels of “bad” LDL cholesterol and decrease “good” HDL cholesterol.   And unlike saturated fats, trans fats also raise your levels of artery-clogging lipoprotein and triglycerides.


Transfats are deliberately mislabeled as  “hydrogenated”-- (fully hydrogenated fats are not a heart threat.   Replacing trans fats with good fats prevents heart attacks.

In Kerala where all people consumed VIRGIN coconut oils – heart attacks were unheard of. Then politicians were bribed to sing the praises of toxic GM veg oils and LIE that coconut oil is bad for the heart.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/arjuna-tree-virgin-coconut-oil-when.html

If you go to a FDI in retail store you will see dozens of varieties of Zionist multinational cold cereals, each box yelling its seductive “low sugar!” “high fiber!” “great source of whole grains!” health claims, it’s easy to feel, well, bowled over.  

It is all a BIG LIE. 


For 3 decades the Zionists made the ONLY healthy veg oil “virgin coconut oil” the worst . This is the power of Rothschild monopolized media –to make sunrise out of sunset and Ram out of Ravan.

Below: A BIG ZIONIST LIE -- where they made the ONLY GOOD VEGETABLE OIL virgin coconut oil , the worst -- a case of LYING BASTARDS converting Ram to Ravan.  

Rothschild's media LIED for 3 decades while trying to push toxic GM Veg oils like Canola



Canola oil is made from GM Rapeseed – it is a Zionist invention that is backed by their governments, cheap to manufacture, and many processed or packaged foods contain it.

Monsanto created a genetically modified version of canola oil.

OUR ZIONIST DARLING AND APCO BRANDED PM MODI IS PROMOTING GM FOODS IN INDIA .

I WISH ROTHSCHILD GIVES MODI A NOBELPEACE PRIZE SOON..  HE WILL HAVE NOWHERE TO HIDE IN INDIA AFTER THAT.   

THE FAMILIES OF  65 PARSIS WHO WERE KNIGHTED BY ROTHSCHILD BEFORE INDEPENDENCE ARE ALL HIDING TODAY.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html




The name of toxic canola oil was originally LEAR (Low Erucic Acid Rapeseed) but for marketing purposes was changed to canola oil- TO AVOID THE SEXUAL SLUR.

Canola oil is produced from the rapeseed plant, which is a part of the mustard family.   It works well as an industrial oil, not a food, and has been used in candles, soaps, lipsticks, lubricants, inks, biofuels and even insecticides.

Once the powers that be figured out how to genetically modify rapeseed oil, it began being sold as an edible product.   It was brought to market by the Zionist monopolised media , with the claim that it’s a wonder oil, low in saturated fats and has omega-3 fatty acids. But in its hybridized and modified state, it can cause a large number of health issues.

92% of Canola oil is GM and it is a pertly hydrogenated oil. A monounsaturated oil, rapeseed oil has high levels of erucic acid. Erucic acid is a fatty acid that is associated with heart damage.  This oil brims with free radicals.  The Zionist never use Canola oil in baby formulas –if it is so healthy , why not ?

Synthetic trans fats are known to promote inflammation, which is a hallmark of most chronic and/or serious diseases. Most also contain high amounts of omega-6 fats in the form of processed vegetable oils.  

These polyunsaturated fats (PUFAs) tend to stimulate inflammatory processes in your body, and they are very chemically unstable and prone to oxidation. Consuming these oxidized fats in excess has been linked to all sorts of health problems, such as atherosclerosis and heart disease.

Three-quarters of the sodium in our diets isn’t from the saltshaker or salt put by us.  It’s hidden in processed foods, such as canned vegetables and soups, condiments like soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce, fast-food burgers (and fries, of course), and cured or preserved meats like bacon, ham, and deli turkey.

Sodium is necessary for life. It helps regulate blood pressure, maintains the body’s fluid balance, transmits nerve impulses, makes muscles — including your heart — contract, and keeps your senses of taste, smell, and touch working properly. You need a little every day to replace what’s lost to sweat, tears, and other excretions.
  
When you consume more salt than your body needs, your body retains fluid simply to dilute the extra sodium in your bloodstream. This raises blood volume, forcing your heart to work harder; at the same time, it makes veins and arteries constrict. The combination raises blood pressure.

Refined carbohydrates like breakfast cereals, bagels, waffles, pretzels, and most other processed foods quickly break down to sugar in your body. This increases your insulin and leptin levels, and contributes to insulin resistance, which is the primary underlying factor of nearly every chronic disease and condition known to man, including weight gain.

Processed foods are designed to make you overeat. Your body is designed to naturally regulate how much you eat and the energy you burn. But food manufacturers have figured out how to over-ride these intrinsic regulators, designing processed foods that are engineered to by "hyper-rewarding."

Processed foods stimulate such a strong reward response in our brains that it becomes very easy to overeat.   One of the guiding principles for the processed food industry is known as "sensory-specific satiety."

The greatest successes, whether beverages or foods, owe their "craveability" to complex formulas that pique your taste buds just enough, without overwhelming them, thereby overriding your brain's inclination to say "enough."    

Potato chips are among the most addictive junk foods on the market, containing all three bliss-inducing ingredients: sugar (from the potato), salt, and fat. Unlike whole foods, which contain a mix of carbohydrates, fats, proteins, fiber, and water to help you feel satisfied, processed foods stimulate dopamine, a feel-good neurotransmitter, making you feel good even though the food lacks nutrients and fiber. 

This artificial dopamine stimulation can lead to excessive food cravings and, ultimately, food addiction.

Acrylamide increases the risk of several types of cancer.   Potato chips in particular are notoriously high in this dangerous chemical. 



People have thrived on vegetables, meats, eggs, fruits, and other whole foods for centuries, while processed foods were only recently invented. 



Many of the top executives and scientists at leading processed food companies actually avoid their own foods , because they know what goes in.

Below: We now have a PM Modi who is a Zionist darling-- and he dares NOT rattle his Zionist patrons.   Just watch his body language when he visits Israel .  




By cutting out these high-glycemic processed foods you can retrain your body to burn fat instead of sugar, a key component of health and weight loss. However, it's important to replace these foods with healthy fats, not protein—a fact that's often not addressed



Butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA) and butylated hydrozyttoluene (BHT) are preservatives that affect the neurological system of your brain, alter behavior, and have the potential to cause cancer. Tertiary butylhydroquinone (TBHQ) is a chemical preservative so deadly that just five grams can kill you.

Below:   In Kerala ,the land of Coconut oil, the BRIBED ministers started importing Palm Oil with massive propaganda using Kerala Syrian Jew- nay- Christian  media that virgin coconut oil is bad for health .




90% of the food dyes are linked to health issues ranging from cancer and hyperactivity to allergy-like reactions .  The artificial flavoring called diacetyl, which is often used as a butter flavoring in microwave popcorn, has several concerning properties for brain health and may trigger Alzheimer's disease. 

Below: EVIL PHARMA is thriving on processed Zionist foods. 92% of modern diseases are from toxic chemicals DELIBERATELY put in our foods.  Our Zionist darling govt wants more and more FDI in retail .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html



Processing modifies or removes important components of food, like fiber, water, and nutrients, changing the way they are digested and assimilated in your body.

Below:Lead is a endocrine disruptor


Refined, 'simple' carbohydrates are quickly broken down in the digestive tract, leading to rapid spikes in blood sugar and insulin levels.  This can lead to carb cravings a few hours later when blood sugar levels go down again. 

Below: Virgin coconut oils gets rancid very fast.



This phenomenon is also called the 'blood sugar roller coaster' – which many people who have been on a high-carb diet can relate to. Not surprisingly, eating a lot of refined carbohydrates is associated with negative health effects and many chronic diseases.


Do NOT be fooled by labels like 'whole grains' that are often plastered on processed food packages, including breakfast cereals. These are usually whole grains that have been pulverized into very fine flour and are just as harmful as their refined counterparts."



DIGRESSION:-

Being a Chemical tanker ship captain I am familiar with toxic chemical bioaccumulation.  I am more qualified and trained to comment on such matters than people in the food industry.  I worked in a dangerous toxic bioaccumulative environment ( yes- more dangerous than the soldiers tracking naxals ) .

It was pathetic to watch retired Indian Generals and Admirals coming on TV and telling us how many dangers they faced – to push for ONE RANK ONE PENSION.

Bioaccumulation means an increase in the concentration of a chemical in the human body over time Toxic compounds accumulate in the human body when they are stored up faster than they are metabolized or excreted.

Uptake describes the entrance of a chemical into the human body-- such as by breathing, swallowing, or absorbing it through the skin -- without regard to its subsequent storage, metabolism, and excretion.

Storage, means the temporary deposit of a chemical in body tissue or in an organ. Storage is just one facet of chemical bioaccumulation.

Bioaccumulation begins when a chemical passes from the environment into a human cells.  Some chemicals are attracted to certain sites, and by binding to proteins or dissolving in fats, they are temporarily stored. If uptake slows or is not continued, or if the chemical is not very tightly bound in the cell, the body can eventually eliminate the chemical.

Some chemicals bind to specific sites in the body, prolonging their stay, whereas others move freely in and out. The time between uptake and eventual elimination of a chemical directly affects bioaccumulation.

Chemicals that are immediately eliminated, for example, do not bioaccumulate. Large, fat individuals  with low rates of metabolism will bioaccumulate more than the small, thin variety.
Persistent, bioaccumulative, toxic chemicals are called PBT.  A chemical’s tendency to persist, and to bioaccumulate is often used as a measure of exposure.

Chemicals can accumulate that enter the body through respiration, skin contact, or other means. As a general rule the less water soluble a substance is, the more likely it is to bioaccumulate.

Persistence is the ability of a chemical to remain in the environment in an unchanged form. 

Chemicals with greater persistence pose greater possibilities for exposure because they can continue to cycle through the environment. A chemical’s persistence can be directly measured.

Chemicals can also degrade to PBT’s. The degradation byproducts of most chemicals are simply not known, although they can have equal or greater hazardous properties compared with the parent chemical.

Toxicity determinations include acute and chronic impacts. Toxicological endpoints include: carcinogen, mutagen/genotoxin, teratogen, endocrine disruptor, neurotoxicant, reproductive system toxicant, liver toxicant, cardiovascular or blood toxicant, irritant, and many others.

In Europe, the REACH initiative has prioritized carcinogens, mutagens, reproductive toxins, and endocrine disrupters and  PBT’s.

Below: A LIFTED quote from 6000 year old Ayurveda


Toxic chemicals can cause a change in hormone composition or cause a disruption of the endocrine system. The endocrine system is composed of glands that secrete chemicals called hormones into the bloodstream for the control of body functions. These contaminants can imitate endocrine hormones or inhibit the action of endocrine hormones. They are called endocrine disruptors.

Many halogenated hydrocarbons have moderate to high toxicity by inhalation. The brominated materials tend to be particularly toxic. Much of the toxicity is due to the fact that these substances are not metabolized, but persist and accumulate in fatty tissues (they tend to be fat-soluble).



Health Hazard – Chemicals that may cause various acute or chronic adverse health effects such as corrosives, carcinogens, irritants, mutagens, teratogens and sensitizers.



Mutagen is an agent that changes the DNA.

Teratogenesis literally meaning monster-making, which derives from teratology, the study of the frequency, causation, and development of congenital malformations—misleadingly called birth defects. These include gross morphological abnormalities, such as cleft lip. May also include phenomena such as increased risk of cervical cancer or discoloration of tooth enamel.



GIRLS IN WESTERN COUNTRIES GET FIRST PERIODS ( MENSES ) AT A VERY YOUNG AGE DUE TO ENDOCRINE DISRUPTING TOXIC CHEMICALS IN PROCESSED FOODS. 




IN INDIA LEAD IN NOODLES HAS DONE THE TRICK.  

THESE GIRLS WILL BE INFERTILE WHEN THEY WANT TO HAVE A BABY.



Your internal organs process whole foods much more efficiently than processed “junk” foods.   Processed foods overstimulate the production of dopamine, AKA the “pleasure” neurotransmitter, which leads to excessive cravings.   Your mind becomes unable to resist the refined salt and sugar, so you continue eating “junk” foods in mass amounts, which leads to obesity and other health problems such as diabetes and cancer.


Below: Your gallbladder is a small, pear-shaped organ on the right side of your abdomen, just beneath your liver. 



The gallbladder is a small pouch that sits just under the liver. The gallbladder stores bile produced by the liver. After meals, the gallbladder is empty and flat, like a deflated balloon. Before a meal, the gallbladder may be full of bile and about the size of a small pear.


In response to signals, the gallbladder squeezes stored bile into the small intestine through a series of tubes called ducts.  Bile helps digest fats, but the gallbladder itself is not essential. Removing the gallbladder in an otherwise healthy individual typically causes no observable problems with health or digestion yet there may be a small risk of diarrhea and fat malabsorption. Remember god has NOT given you any useless spare body part.

You do not need a gallbladder to digest food in theory.    Bile still flows from the liver to the gut once the gallbladder is removed.

However, in practice there is no longer any storage area for bile between meals.  The flow of bile is therefore constant, without the surges of bile that occur from a gallbladder when you eat a meal.

Bile helps to digest food, particularly fatty foods.  Gallstones occur when bile, which is normally fluid, forms stones.

Gallstones commonly contain lumps of cholesterol-like (fatty) material that has solidified and hardened. Sometimes bile pigments or calcium deposits form gallstones.

A GASTROENTEROLOGIST is an internist who has completed specialty training in the treatment of digestive disorders.  Digestive disorders include disorders of the esophagus, stomach, small and large intestines, pancreas, gallbladder, and liver.

Gallstones form in the gallbladder, a small organ located under the liver.   The gallbladder aids in the digestive process by storing bile and secreting it into the small intestine when food enters.

Bile is a fluid produced by the liver and is made up of several substances, including cholesterol, bilirubin, and bile salts.

Gallstones are pieces of solid material that form in the gallbladder. These stones develop because cholesterol and pigments in bile sometimes form hard particles when toxic chemicals enter your body..

The two main types of gallstones are:---
Cholesterol stones: Usually yellow-green in color, approximately 80% of gallstones are cholesterol stones.

Pigment stones: These stones are smaller and darker and are made up of bilirubin. 


Several factors may come together to create gallstones, including, body weight, decreased motility (movement) of the gallbladder, poor processed food diet

Gallstones can form when there is an imbalance in the substances that make up bile. For instance, cholesterol stones may develop as a result of too much cholesterol in the bile. Another cause may be the inability of the gallbladder to empty properly.

Pigment stones are more common in people with certain medical conditions, such as cirrhosis (a liver disease in which scar tissue replaces healthy liver tissue) . Obesity is one of the biggest risk factors. Obesity can cause a rise in cholesterol and can also keep the gallbladder from emptying completely.

Gallstones are more common among women and older people.

Some cholesterol-lowering drugs increase the amount of cholesterol in bile, which may increase the chances of developing cholesterol stones.

People with diabetes tend to have higher levels of triglycerides (a type of blood fat), which is a risk factor for gallstones.


Gallstones range in size from as small as a grain of sand to as large as a golf ball. Some people develop just one gallstone, while others develop many gallstones at the same time.

People who experience symptoms from their gallstones usually require gallbladder removal surgery. Gallstones that don't cause any signs and symptoms typically don't need treatment. Gallstones may cause no signs or symptoms.

If a gallstone lodges in a duct and causes a blockage, signs and symptoms may result, such as:--

Sudden and rapidly intensifying pain in the upper right portion of your abdomen
Sudden and rapidly intensifying pain in the center of your abdomen, just below your breastbone
Back pain between your shoulder blades
Pain in your right shoulder
Gallstone pain may last several minutes to a few hours.

Serious gallstone complication, such as:---

Abdominal pain so intense that you can't sit still or find a comfortable position
Yellowing of your skin and the whites of your eyes
High fever with chills It's not clear what causes gallstones to form.

Factors that may increase your risk of gallstones include:--

Being overweight or obese
Eating a high-fat diet
Eating a high-cholesterol diet
Eating a low-fiber diet
Having diabetes
Losing weight very quickly

Taking some cholesterol-lowering medications



Complications of gallstones may include:---

Inflammation of the gallbladder. A gallstone that becomes lodged in the neck of the gallbladder can cause inflammation of the gallbladder (cholecystitis). Cholecystitis can cause severe pain and fever.

Blockage of the common bile duct. Gallstones can block the tubes (ducts) through which bile flows from your gallbladder or liver to your small intestine. Jaundice and bile duct infection can result.

Blockage of the pancreatic duct. The pancreatic duct is a tube that runs from the pancreas to the common bile duct. Pancreatic juices, which aid in digestion, flow through the pancreatic duct. A gallstone can cause a blockage in the pancreatic duct, which can lead to inflammation of the pancreas (pancreatitis). Pancreatitis causes intense, constant abdominal pain and usually requires hospitalization.

For signs of gallstones - an abdominal ultrasound and a computerized tomography (CT) scan to create pictures of your gallbladder..

Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). Gallstones discovered using ERCP can be removed during the procedure.

Blood tests to look for complications. Blood tests may reveal an infection, jaundice, pancreatitis or other complications caused by gallstones. Gallstones that don't cause signs and symptoms, such as those detected during an ultrasound or CT scan done for some other condition, typically don't require treatment.

Surgery to remove the gallbladder (cholecystectomy). Your doctor may recommend surgery to remove your gallbladder, if gallstones frequently recur. Once your gallbladder is removed, bile flows directly from your liver into your small intestine, rather than being stored in your gallbladder. You don't need your gallbladder to live, and gallbladder removal doesn't affect your ability to digest food, but it can cause diarrhea, which is usually temporary.

Medications you take by mouth may help dissolve gallstones. But it may take months or years of treatment to dissolve your gallstones in this way.. You can reduce your risk of gallstones if you:

Don't skip meals. Try to stick to your usual mealtimes each day. Skipping meals or fasting can increase the risk of gallstones.

Lose weight slowly. If you need to lose weight, go slow.
  
Liver disease is usually only painful if it stretches the capsule of the liver. Fatty liver usually occurs when your drink too much or drink too many beverages with HFCS syrup like Coke. Pepsi etc .

An overgrowth of bacteria in the small intestine and other changes in the intestine may be associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease if you are NOT too fat. Avoid milk and milk products.

Become a vegetarian and stop drinking alcohol ( if you do so ) till your problem subsides.

Avoid too much of sugar and fat. Have isabgol fibre before you go to sleep. Take long walks. Eat peanuts and spinach.

Bile helps to digest food, particularly fatty foods. Gallstones occur when bile, which is normally fluid, forms stones.

A HEPATOLOGIST is the most experienced and qualified type of doctor to treat people with liver disease.

Curcumin ( turmeric ) helps bile secretion and storage by stimulating the bile duct and the gallbladder. Hat is why we Indians rarely got gall stones .

The gallbladder stores and helps secrete bile, which is a secretion made by the liver to digest fatty foods.


When the gallbladder is removed, your liver will make enough bile for normal food, but spicy and greasy foods will be difficult to digest.

Rn MurthyJune 4, 2015 at 10:26 PM
Dear Capt Ajit Sir,

Why is this Maggie - junk food debate and who is gaining as per your perception ?
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilJune 5, 2015 at 6:30 AM
hi rm,

processed foods must be banned in a fertile country like india.

if the manufacturers are forced to declare what all chemicals go into processed food, nobody will eat it.

all processed foods have a shelf life - in third world nations these super rich zionist multinationals dump the left overs . they do this because third world nations do NOT have well equipped labs to test these toxic foods.

IF YOU ARE NON VEG, GO TO ANY FDI IN RETAIL STORE, PICK UP A CAN OF TINNED TUNA AND EAT THE WHOLE THING-- SEE THE WAY YOU FART AFTER THAT.

SOFT DRINKS LIKE COKE AND PEPSI HAVE GIVEN FATTY LIVER TO INDIAs YOUNG GENERATION.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html

DESPITE KNOWING THAT A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS IS TOXIC, MODI GOVT IS STILL PUSHING IT IN THE NAME OF WHITE REVOLUTION--

THE SYRIAN JEW NAY -CHRISTIAN VERGHESE KURIAN DID HIS WHITE REVOLUTION IN GURARAT- AND MODI WANTS TO PROVE THAT HIS GUJARAT STATE CAN DO NO WRONG.

IF WE BAN A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS JERSEY COW- 60% OF INDIAs MEDICAL STORES WILL SHUT DOWN.

IF WE BAN GM / PROCESSED FOODS 90% OF MEDICAL STORES OF EVIL PHARMA WILL SHUT DOWN.

THE RICHEST INDIAN IS DILIP SHANGHVI , A SUN PHARMA MAN -- AND THIS SHOWS THAT AN EVIL SYSTEM IS EMBEDDED IN INDIA.

IN A CIRCUS IF THE SHIT CLEANER IS THE RICHEST PERSON -SOMETHING IS SERIOUSLY WRONG -

THIS IS THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION.

WHITE REVOLUSSAN KI JAI -- MONGOLIA MEIN BHI GUJARAT MODEL WHITE REVOLUTION BHEJOONGA .

capt ajit vadakayil
..

DIGRESSION:


Aiswarya rJune 5, 2015 at 10:19 AM
Captainji,

What is anjanasila? What is the peculiarity of patanjalasila(guruvayur)?

Pls answer
Thahk you.
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilJune 6, 2015 at 9:34 AM
hi ar,

WHAT IS THE MOST PRICELESS THING ON THIS PLANET ?

IT IS A BLACK TEMPLE IDOL OF GURUVAYUR.

The guruvayur temple idol is 6000 years old and carved out of a black bismuth stone called "Patala Anjanam" - it depicts lord vishnu in the standing pose with 4 arms carrying the shanku (conch), the chakra (discus), the gada (mace) and padma (lotus).

when tipu sultan invaded kerala to steal gold from temples, this idol was secretly transported and hidden in ambalapuzha sri krisha temple in 1789.

OR ELSE THIS IDOL WOULD HAVE GONE INTO THE VAULTS OF ROTHSCHILD.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

Even today, daily pujas are conducted in Ambalapuzha Sri Krishna Temple where the idol of Guruvayoor Temple was temporarily installed and worshipped.

The power of wisdom can be actualized through the black bismuth idol--as it heals on a spiritual and emotional level.

the RARE black stone of guruvayur idol, is from a meteorite containing bismuth--with a very low melting point and a very high boiling point.

it is extremely stable with a half-life of over 1 billion times the age of the universe. bismuth has an unusual property which allows it to expand as it freezes. bismuth has the second lowest thermal conductivity of any metal, below mercury.

its diamagentic powers were gleaned by the ancient 12 strand DNA maharishis who installed it. -- it can create an induced magnetic field in a direction opposite to an externally applied magnetic field, and are REPELLED BY APPLIED MAGNETIC FIELD.

Diamagnets may be levitated in stable equilibrium in a magnetic field, with no power consumption.

ALL THOSE BR AMBEDKAR / EVR PERIYAR TYPES WHO KEEP CRYING THAT HINDUSIM IS FULL OF SUPERSTITION CAN KISS MY ASS RIGHT NOW-- AFTER WATCHING THE VIDEO BELOW.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uorPcpBFUA4


MY WIFE MAKES AN ANNUAL PILRAMIGAGE TO GURUVAYUR TEMPLE- TO SPEED UP HER CHAKRAS.

WHEN VASCO DA GAMA CAME TO CALICUT , THE KING WAS AT GURUVAYUR TEMPLE AND GAMA BABY HAD TO COOL HIS HEELS FOR 3 DAYS.

MAIN STREAM SCIENCE CONTROLLED BY ROTHSCHILDs PEER REVIEWED MAGAZINES / AGENCIES -- BRANDS ANCIENT INDIAN VIMANA SCIENCES AS PSEUDO SCIENCES.

THE STONE OF GURUVAYUR IDOL IS THE MOST RARE ON THIS PLANET AND THIS MAKES IT PRICELESS-- THIS IDOL MUST BE PROTECTED LIKE A NATIONAL TREASURE.

In dimitri mendeleyeevs periodic table -- of the first 98 elements are found in nature, only 84 have atoms present in nature which date from the formation of the solar system.

Of these, 80 are stable and four (bismuth, thorium, uranium, and plutonium) are radioactive.

King Parikshit's son Janamejaya who was afflicted with painful debilitating rheumatism and leprosy sores ( curse of snake king ), visited Guruvayur with his Guru Atreya and was cured.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/6000-year-old-kedarnath-temple-highest.html


capt ajit vadakayil
..

I ASK AMITABH BACHCHAN AND MADURI DIXIT TO SEE THIS VIDEO BELOW-- HEALTHY MEAL RIGHT ?


Below:  This puts a strain on your digestive system, which is forced to work for hours to break down this highly processed food (ironically, most processed food is so devoid of fiber that it gets broken down very quickly, interfering with your blood sugar levels and insulin release).


Amitabh Bachchan told a TRUSTING India “ how Maggi has touched the lives of ordinary Indians “  and how the the best way to combat their big hunger after a big day for an Indian child is to eat a big pack of Maggi noodles.
  


There is NO  “safe” limits,  and it is prudent NOT to consume this chemical at all. An exposure to five grams can be lethal and, according to A Consumer’s Dictionary of Food Additives, exposure to just one gram of TBHQ can cause: 
Nausea and vomiting
Ringing in the ears (tinnitus)
Delirium
Sense of suffocation
Collapse


Hard faced Chitpavan Madhuri Dixit with a FAKE smile , danced around like a sack of rotten potatoes – she was the  'PURRFECT' mom by telling kids that Maggi Instant noodles is THE healthy breakfast.



 There was a conspiracy of forcing Indians to allow they ages parents to LIVE ALONE –  as all they had to do to cook a healthy meal was to pour hot water on Instant noodles.




The monosodium glutamate (MSG-Ajinomoto ) in instant noodles is reason enough to avoid them.    

MSG is an excitotoxin, which means it overexcites your nerve cells to the point of damage or death, causing brain dysfunction and damage to varying degrees — and potentially even triggering or worsening learning disabilities, Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, Lou Gehrig’s disease, and more.

Part of the problem is that free glutamic acid (MSG is moe than 80% free glutamic acid) is the same neurotransmitter that your brain, nervous system, eyes, pancreas, and other organs use to initiate certain processes in your body.   

MSG is used to fatten up mice for scientific study.    Yes, MSG is the perfect obesity drug.  You see these Maggi eating children ,”not so bright” and obese like halwais.




PEOPLE WHO EAT PORK IN INDIA HAVE SHIT FOR BRAINS !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/of-pork-and-pigs-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

The reason why children love to eat Maggi Noodles is due to MSG flavor and high sodium content.  MSG is a flavour  enhancer used by instant noodle makers to make their shrimp flavours ”shrimpier”. 
Excessive eating of Instant noodles  causes children to get very poor grades in school. 

Diets that are high in sugar and fat can suppress the activity of a brain peptide called BDNF (brain-derived neurotrophic factor) that helps with learning and memory formation. 

Fast foods are specially designed to be addictive in nature with high levels of salts, sugars and fats that make you crave them. The addictive nature of fast food can make your brain crave them even when you are not hungry. 

Excess consumption of trans fats found in fried and processed foods can send mixed signals to the brain which makes it difficult to process what you have eaten and how hungry are.   Trans fats may cause inflammation in hypothalamus, the part of brain that containing neurons to control body weight. 

Monosodium glutamate, also known as sodium glutamate or MSG, is the sodium salt of glutamic acid, one of the most abundant naturally occurring non-essential amino acid. The MSG we find on store shelves is processed and comes from fermented sugar beets. Because this kind of MSG is processed, it can cause many adverse reactions, including skin rashes, itching, hives, nausea, vomiting, migraine headaches, asthma, heart irregularities, depression and even seizures. 

Since MSG acquired its infamous reputation for causing migraines, the food industry has given it new names and new forms, including autolyzed yeast, yeast extract, maltodextrin, hydrolyzed protein, sodium caseinate, mono-potassium glutamate, and textured protein.

Older adults who eat too much instant noodles get renal failure and go into dialysis .

Madhuri Dixit claiming that instant Maggi noodles is healthy to substitute for a square meal , will even say that Coke is healthy. 

No celebrity – even a Chitpavan - can be this much money minded .   

Instant noodles are coated with unhealthy wax ( sometimes from pork intestines ) and it will take around 5 days for the body to excrete the wax after you consumed the noodles.

IT IS HIGH TIME PROCESSED FOOD MANUFACTURERS ARE FINED HEAVILY .    TAKING OFF THE SHELVES OR SHUTTING DOWN IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH.

The more junk food you consume, the less likely you are to consume the essential nutrients that your body relies on.  Many children have been conned  to believe that they are eating a square meal . Since the 1980s, Maggi ads featured a mother feeding her children the noodles, giving the not-so-subtle message that it is 'fast to cook' for moms and 'good to eat' for kids.   

The Indian govt has failed to stop Nesle from fooling the public with KHUSHION KA RECIPE .  'Maggi-mom' concept has been shoved down our throats .  

Even today the BENAMI media bats for Maggi.   I just saw English speakin’ Karan Thapar finding out the hard way that a vernacular minister like Paswan can drag him by his kant langot all the way to China Town.

Branding must be done in a honest way.  Maggi has been pushing the LYING trend of convincing Indian mothers that if they want to make their child feel special , all they have to do is rustle up a bowl of Maggi in '2 minutes'.

I ASK APCO MODI TO KNOW A BIT MORE ABOUT BRANDING .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/personal-branding-me-inc-capt-ajit.html

Processed foods are addictive and designed to make you overeat; they also encourage excessive food cravings, leading to weight gain. Eating processed foods also promotes insulin resistance and chronic inflammation, which are hallmarks of most chronic and serious diseases.


Maggi has made it permissible to use acid regulators, flavour enhancers, colours, stabilizers, anti-oxidants, emulsifiers, flour treatment agents, preservatives (to preserve them) and anti-caking agents for its making. So who is gaining ?  The small children who are conned to eat this toxic shit made of maida ?



Instant noodles have cups into which you pour hot water.  Enter Dioxin-   a health concern .  Leaching of dioxin and other hormone-like substances from the plastic containers of the cup of noodles does NOT make you healthy at all.




I write on this subject to provide an outsiders point of view. 

Certified doctors don’t dare to do that as they could lose their professional certificate. Such is the clout of EVIL PHARMA and the powers of the medical profession in the pay roll of evil pharma.

Due to processed foods , toxic soft drinks and dormant life styles , most people need to take cholesterol lowering drugs .  Some cholesterol-lowering drugs increase the amount of cholesterol in bile, which may increase the chances of developing cholesterol stones. There is no relationship between cholesterol in the blood and cholesterol gallstones. 

Bile usually dissolves or breaks down cholesterol. But if your liver makes more cholesterol than your bile can dissolve, hard stones may develop.

Bile acids that enter the small intestine from the liver and gallbladder are absorbed back into the body in the terminal ileum and are secreted again by the liver into bile. In other words, the bile acids recycle. 

In Crohn's disease ( JEW MONOPOLISED DISEASE ) , the terminal ileum is diseased. Bile acids are not absorbed normally, the body becomes depleted of bile acids, and less bile acids are secreted in bile. As a result there are not enough bile acids to keep cholesterol dissolved in bile, resulting in gallstone formation.

There are modern antibiotics ( example:  Ceftriaxone / Rocephin). Which are eliminated from the body in bile in high concentrations.   It combines with calcium in bile and becomes insoluble.  Like cholesterol and pigment, the insoluble ceftriaxone and calcium form particles that grow into gallstones.  Evil Pharma will NOT tell you these things- it is all about making money, NOT service to mankind.



Calcium carbonate can form gallstones.

The body can react to the gallstone irritation by causing the gallbladder walls to become swollen and painful.

The episodes of inflammation can last for several hours, or even a few days. Fever is not unusual.

About 20 percent of the time, the sluggish, inflamed gallbladder is invaded by intestinal bacteria, and becomes infected.
  
But most gallbladder symptoms start with pain in the upper abdominal area, either in the upper right or middle.

Bile is a watery liquid made by the cells of the liver that is important for digesting food in the intestine, particularly fat.

Liver cells secrete the bile into small canals within the liver.

The bile flows through the canals and into larger collecting ducts within the liver (the intrahepatic bile ducts).

The bile then flows through the intrahepatic bile ducts out of the liver and into the extrahepatic bile ducts-first into the hepatic bile ducts, then into the common hepatic duct, and finally into the common bile duct.

From the common bile duct, there are two different directions that bile can flow.

The first direction is through the common bile duct and directly into the intestine where the bile mixes with food and promotes digestion of food.

The second direction is into a off-shoot of the common bile duct, the cystic duct, and from there into the gallbladder. Once in the gallbladder, bile is concentrated by the removal (absorption) of water. 

During a meal, the muscle that makes up the wall of the gallbladder contracts and squeezes the concentrated bile in the gallbladder back through the cystic duct into the common bile duct and then into the intestine. 

The timing of gallbladder contraction - during a meal - allows the concentrated bile from the gallbladder to mix with food. The gallbladder is able to release bile into the digestive system when it is needed.

SO WHEN A DOCTOR WHO IS TRAINED TO REMOVE YOUR GALLBLADDER AND THROW IT AWAY TELL YOU , IT IS AN USELESS APPENDAGE LIKE THE APPENDIX- YOU MUST KNOW HE IS WRONG.   



In the Medical colleges modern doctors are taught this FOUL LIE “ The role of diet in the formation of gallstones is not clear”

Because concentrated bile is much more effective for digestion than the un-concentrated bile that goes from the liver straight into the intestine.

Gallstones are more common among women and older people. Women are twice as likely as men to develop gallstones because excess estrogen from pregnancy, hormone replacement therapy, and birth control pills may increase cholesterol levels and decrease gallbladder movement, which can facilitate gallstones.

Bile is made up of several substances, including cholesterol, bilirubin, and bile salts. Gallstones are pieces of solid material that form in the gallbladder. These stones develop because cholesterol and pigments in bile sometimes form hard particles.

CHOLESTEROL  stones can form when bile contains too much cholesterol, too much bilirubin or not enough bile salts. Most gallstones are mixed stones or cholesterol stones, mostly made up of cholesterol. They are usually yellow or green.

 Gallstones usually form in the gallbladder; however, they also may form anywhere there is bile - in the intrahepatic, hepatic, common bile, and cystic ducts.

The common types of gallstones are cholesterol, black pigment, and brown pigment.

Black pigment gallstones occur when there is increased destruction of red blood cells, while brown pigment gallstones occur when there is reduced flow and infection of bile.

If there is too much bilirubin in bile, the bilirubin combines with other constituents in bile, for example, calcium, to form pigment (so-called because it is dark brown in color). Bilirubin is a chemical produced when your liver destroys old red blood cells. 

A yellowish tint in your skin or eyes may be signs of jaundice. Too much bilirubin in your body causes jaundice.  Testing the amount of bilirubin in your blood shows how well your liver is functioning.


 Pigment dissolves poorly in bile and, like cholesterol, it sticks together and forms particles that grow in size and eventually become gallstones. The pigment gallstones that form in this manner are called BLACK PIGMENT gallstones because they are black and hard. 

Black pigment stones usually consist of bilirubin polymers and calcium carbonate, and they rarely contain cholesterol. These stones are mostly found in the gallbladder, and can develop as a result of liver damage, alcoholic liver disease, hemolytic anemia and old age.  Black pigment gallstones also are more common in patients with cirrhosis of the liver.

Bilirubin stones are smaller and darker. Some conditions such as cirrhosis of the liver and certain blood disorders cause your liver to produce more bilirubin than it should. Stones form when your gallbladder cannot break down the excess bilirubin. These hard substances are  called pigmented stones. If stones are very small, they may form a sludge or slurry.

Brown pigment gallstones form when there is stasis of bile (decreased flow), for example, when there are narrowed or obstructed bile ducts.   If there is reduced contraction of the gallbladder or obstruction to the flow of bile through the ducts, bacteria may ascend from the duodenum into the bile ducts and gallbladder. 

The bacteria alter the bilirubin in the ducts and gallbladder, and the altered bilirubin then combines with calcium to form pigment. The pigment then combines with fats in bile (cholesterol and fatty acids from lecithin) to form particles that grow into gallstones. This type of gallstone is called a BROWN PIGMENT  gallstone because it is more brown than black. 

It also is softer than black pigment gallstones. Brown pigment stones usually consist of calcium bilirubinate, fatty acids and small amounts of cholesterol. These are usually found in the bile duct and they are almost always associated with bile infections, inflammations and occasionally, parasitic infestations in the liver.


Too much calcium can form gall stones. The ideal calcium to magnesium ratio for the human body should be 2:1.  HUMPLESS COW A1 milk's ratio is 10:1.   Yes, cow's milk gives Calcium--but so does most of the other food you eat like brocolli, cabbage, nuts , sesame seeds, sea weeds, carrot etc. By relying on cow's milk for calcium, you will have magnesium deficiency and imbalance .

Magnesium deficiency alters calcium metabolism and the hormones that regulate calcium, resulting in osteoporosis. Magnesium is critical in the proper use of calcium, which serves as a main conductor of the electric impulses in your body. 

The majority of people with gallstones have no signs or symptoms and are unaware of their gallstones. When signs and symptoms of gallstones occur, they virtually always occur because the gallstones obstruct the bile ducts.

Magnesium aids in carbohydrate metabolism and influences the release and activity of insulin, thereby controlling blood glucose levels .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

Calcium supplements increases bilirubin levels. Increased bilirubin elevates the risk of pigment gallstone formation.

Can you believe this.  6000 years ago, Ayurveda prescribes magnesium rich foods and drinks ( like 9% magnesium tender coconut water and probiotic curd ) for excessive night urination, vertigo, de-stressing, back cramps, muscle spasms, migraine, depression, fatigue,  hypertension, diabetes , prevention of kidney stones and even combating morbid obesity.

Yogis did NOT advocate cow’s milk unless the magnesium quantity was built up by boiling with magnesium rich spices like cinnamon.

People who have significant fluctuations in weight, such as from a pregnancy or operation, are also at risk of developing gallstones

People with diabetes ( caused by poor processed food / soft drink choices ) tend to have higher levels of triglycerides (a type of blood fat), which is a risk factor for gallstones.

Gallstones do not cause intolerance to fatty foods, belching, abdominal distention, or gas.

In order for bile to carry cholesterol, the cholesterol must be dissolved in the bile. Cholesterol is a fat, however, and bile is an aqueous or watery solution; fats do not dissolve in watery solutions. In order to make the cholesterol dissolve in bile, the liver also secretes two detergents bile acids and lecithin-into the bile. These detergents, just like dish-washing detergents, dissolve the fatty cholesterol so that it can be carried by bile through the ducts. 

If the liver secretes too much cholesterol for the amount of bile acids and lecithin it secretes, some of the cholesterol does not dissolve. Similarly, if the liver does not secrete enough bile acids and lecithin, some of the cholesterol does not dissolve. In either case, the undissolved cholesterol sticks together and forms particles of cholesterol that grow in size and eventually become gallstones.

The gallbladder must empty out. If there is reduced contraction and emptying of the gallbladder that allows bile to stay in the gallbladder longer than normally so that there is more time for cholesterol particles to form and grow into gallstones.






Pigment gallstones are the second most common type of gallstone.

Pigment is a waste product formed from hemoglobin, the oxygen-carrying chemical in red blood cells. The hemoglobin from old red blood cells that are being destroyed is changed into a chemical called bilirubin and released into the blood. Bilirubin is removed from the blood by the liver. The liver modifies the bilirubin and secretes the modified bilirubin into bile.

The most common symptom of gallstones is biliary colic. Biliary colic occurs when the bile ducts (cystic, hepatic ducts or common bile duct) are suddenly blocked by a gallstone.. Behind the obstruction, fluid accumulates and distends the ducts and gallbladder. 

In the case of hepatic duct or common bile duct obstruction, this is due to continued secretion of bile by the liver. In the case of cystic duct obstruction, the wall of the gallbladder secretes fluid into the gallbladder. It is the distention of the ducts or gallbladder that causes biliary colic. Characteristically, biliary colic comes on suddenly or builds rapidly to a peak over a few minutes.

It is a constant pain; it does not come and go, though it may vary in intensity while it is present.
It lasts for 15 minutes to 4-5 hours. If the pain lasts more than 4-5 hours, it means that a complication - usually cholecystitis - has developed.

The pain usually is severe, but movement does not make the pain worse. In fact, patients experiencing biliary colic often walk about or writhe (twist the body in different positions) in bed trying to find a comfortable position.

Biliary colic often is accompanied by nausea.

Most commonly, biliary colic is felt in the middle of the upper abdomen just below the sternum.
The second most common location for pain is the right upper abdomen just below the margin of the ribs.

Occasionally, the pain also may be felt in the back at the lower tip of the scapula on the right side.
An episode of biliary colic subsides gradually once the gallstone shifts within the duct so that it is no longer causing obstruction.

Below are common symptoms of gallbladder conditions:----------

Severe abdominal pain
Pain that may extend beneath the right shoulder blade or to the back
Pain that worsens after eating a meal, particularly fatty or greasy foods
Pain that feels dull, sharp, or crampy
Pain that increases when you breathe in deeply
Chest pain
Heartburn, indigestion, and excessive gas
A feeling of fullness in the abdomen
Vomiting, nausea, fever
Shaking with chills
Tenderness in the abdomen, particularly the right upper quadrant
Jaundice (yellowing of the skin and eyes)
Stools of an unusual color (often lighter, like clay)

Again, some gallbladder problems, like simple gallstones that are not blocking the cystic duct, often cause no symptoms at all.


Risk factors for developing gallstones include:---------

Being overweight or obese
Being female
Being over 40
A woman who's had more than one pregnancy
Having cirrhosis of the liver
Having Crohn’s disease or IBS ( irritable bowel syndrome)
A family history of gallstones
Having weight loss surgery or recently having lost weight
Being treated with the antibiotic ceftriaxone
Being on the Pill
Women taking high-dose oestrogen therapy
Having type 2 diabetes is suspected of being a risk factor
A lack of exercise is also thought to increase the risk of gallstones

The Murphy’s sign test involves the patient breathing in and the doctor tapping on the abdomen near the gallbladder. If this hurts, it is a good indication of gallbladder inflammation. 

There is no blood test that can identify gallstones. Blood will be taken for tests that can help to determine if the gallbladder is obstructed, if the liver or pancreas is inflamed or not functioning properly, or if the patient has an infection.

Urine may be tested to rule out kidney infection. Kidney infections can cause abdominal pain similar to that caused by gallstones.

Cholecystitis means inflammation of the gallbladder. Like biliary colic, it too is caused by sudden obstruction of the ducts, usually the cystic duct by a gallstone. In fact, cholecystitis may begin with an episode of biliary colic. Obstruction of the cystic duct causes the wall of the gallbladder to begin secreting fluid just as with biliary colic, and  inflammation sets in. 

With cholecystitis, there is constant pain in the right upper abdomen. Inflammation extends through the wall of the gallbladder, and the right upper abdomen becomes particularly tender when it is pressed or even tapped. Unlike with biliary colic, however, it is painful to move around. Individuals with cholecystitis usually lie still. There is fever, and the white blood cell count is elevated, both signs of inflammation. 

As with biliary colic, movement of the gallstone out of the cystic duct and back into the gallbladder relieves the obstruction and allows the inflammation to resolve.

Cholangitis is a condition in which bile in the common, hepatic, and intrahepatic ducts becomes infected. Like cholecystitis, the infection spreads through the ducts from the intestine after the ducts become obstructed by a gallstone. Patients with cholangitis are very sick with high fever and elevated white blood cell counts. Cholangitis may result in an abscess within the liver or sepsis.

Gangrene of the gallbladder is a condition in which the inflammation of cholecystitis cuts off the supply of blood to the gallbladder. Without blood, the tissues forming the wall of the gallbladder die, and this makes the wall very weak. The weakness combined with infection often leads to rupture of the gallbladder. The infection then may spread throughout the abdomen, though often the rupture is confined to a small area around the gallbladder (a confined perforation).

Jaundice is a condition in which bilirubin accumulates in the body. Bilirubin is brownish-black in color but is yellow when it is not too concentrated. A build-up of bilirubin in the body turns the skin and whites of the eye (sclera) yellow. 

Jaundice occurs when there is prolonged obstruction of the bile ducts. (Other causes of jaundice are a rapid destruction of red blood cells that overwhelms the ability of the liver to remove bilirubin from the blood or a damaged liver that cannot remove bilirubin from the blood normally.)

Pancreatitis means inflammation of the pancreas. The two most common causes of pancreatitis are alcoholism and gallstones. The pancreas surrounds the common bile duct as it enters the intestine. The pancreatic duct that drains the digestive juices from the pancreas joins the common bile duct just before it empties into the intestine. 

If a gallstone obstructs the common bile duct just after the pancreatic duct joins it, the flow of pancreatic juice from the pancreas is blocked. This results in inflammation within the pancreas. Pancreatitis due to gallstones  may cause  death. Fortunately, severe pancreatitis due to gallstones is rare.

Sepsis is a condition in which bacteria from any source within the body, including the gallbladder or bile ducts, enter into the blood stream and spread throughout the body. Although the bacteria usually remain within the blood, they also may spread to distant tissues and lead to the formation of abscesses (localized areas of infection with formation of pus). 

Sepsis is a feared complication of any infection. The signs of sepsis include high fever, high white blood cell count, and, less frequently, rigors (shaking chills) or a drop in blood pressure.

Ileus is a condition in which there is an obstruction to the flow of food, gas, and liquid within the intestine. It may be due to a mechanical obstruction.    If a large gallstone erodes through the wall of the gallbladder and into the stomach or small intestine, it will be propelled through the small intestine. 

The narrowest part of the small intestine is the ileo-cecal valve, which is located at the site where the small intestine joins the colon. If the gallstone is too large to pass through the valve, it can obstruct the small intestine and cause an ileus.
  
Ultrasonography is the most important means of diagnosing gallstones. Finding gallstones by ultrasound does not diagnose gallbladder disease. The doctor has to correlate the ultrasound findings with the patient's symptoms.

Ultrasonography is a radiological technique that uses high-frequency sound waves to produce images of the organs and structures of the body.

For transabdominal ultrasonography, the transducer is placed directly on the skin of the abdomen. The sound waves travel through the skin and then into the abdominal organs. Transabdominal ultrasonography is painless, inexpensive, and without risk to the patient. In addition to identifying 97% of gallstones in the gallbladder. 

The limitations of transabdominal ultrasonography are that it can only identify gallstones larger than 4-5 millimeters in size, and it is poor at identifying gallstones in the bile ducts.

For endoscopic ultrasonography, a long flexible tube - the endoscope - is swallowed by the patient after he or she has been sedated with intravenous medication. The tip of the endoscope is fitted with an ultrasound transducer. The transducer is advanced into the duodenum where ultrasonographic images are obtained.

Endoscopic ultrasonography can identify gallstones and the same abnormalities as transabdominal ultrasonography; however, since the transducer is much closer to the structures of interest - the gallbladder, bile ducts, and pancreas - better images are obtained than with transabdominal ultrasonography. Thus, it is possible to visualize smaller gallstones with EUS than transabdominal ultrasonography. 


EUS also is better in identifying gallstones in the common bile duct. Endoscopic ultrasonography also is a better way than transabdominal ultrasonography to evaluate the pancreas for pancreatitis or its complications.

Magnetic resonance cholangio-pancreatography or MRCP is a modification of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) that allows the bile and pancreatic ducts to be examined. MRCP gives an excellent image of bile within the gallbladder and bile ducts. The pancreatic duct, which, like the bile ducts, is filled with a watery fluid, also is seen well. It can identify gallstones in the bile ducts, obstruction of the ducts, and leaks of bile. There are no risks to the patient with MRCP.

When the liver or pancreas becomes inflamed or their ducts become obstructed, the cells of the liver and pancreas release some of their enzymes into the blood. The most commonly-measured liver enzymes in blood are aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT). The most commonly-measured pancreatic enzymes in blood are amylase and lipase. 

Many medical conditions that affect the liver or pancreas cause these blood tests to become abnormal, so these abnormalities alone cannot be used to diagnose gallstones. Nevertheless, abnormalities of these tests suggest there is a problem with the liver, bile ducts, or pancreas, and gallstones are a common cause of such abnormal tests, particularly during sudden obstruction of the bile ducts or pancreatic ducts. Thus, abnormal liver and pancreatic blood tests direct attention to the possibility that gallstones may be causing the acute problem.

If gallstones block one of the biliary ducts, the result is inflammation and swelling of the organs "upstream" of the blocked duct.

Cholecystectomy (removal of the gallbladder surgically) is the modern gold standard treatment for gallstones in the gallbladder. When the gallbladder is gone, bile flows directly from the liver into the small intestine.

Surgery may be done through a large abdominal incision, laparoscopically or robotically through small punctures in the abdominal wall. Laparoscopic surgery results in less pain and a faster recovery.

A person who has had laparoscopic surgery to remove the gallbladder may leave the hospital 12-48 hours after surgery and return to full activities within three weeks.

 Robot-assisted laparoscopic surgery has 3D visualization. Cholecystectomy has a low rate of complications, but serious complications such as damage to the bile ducts and leakage of bile occasionally occur. There also is risk associated with the general anesthesia that is necessary for either type of surgery. Chronic diarrhea occurs in approximately 10% of patients.

Extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy (ESWL) is an infrequently used method for treating gallstones, particularly those lodged in bile ducts. ESWL generators produce shock waves outside of the body that are then focused on the gallstone. The shock waves shatter the gallstone, and the resulting pieces of the gallstone either drain into the intestine on their own or are extracted endoscopically. 

These tiny pieces can pass through the biliary system without causing blockages. Shock waves also can be used to break up gallstones via special catheters passed through an endoscope at the time of ERCP.

The most common complication of surgery is damage to the biliary tract. If bile leaks out of the biliary system, it can cause an infection.

It is possible to dissolve some cholesterol gallstones with medication taken orally . Some of them reduces the amount of cholesterol secreted in bile. The bile then has less cholesterol and becomes capable of dissolving the cholesterol in the gallstones.

Women who have been pregnant are more likely to develop gallstones. The same is true for women taking birth control pills or on hormone/estrogen therapy as this can mimic pregnancy in terms of hormone levels.

There are measures the patient can take to relieve the symptoms to include:-

---- intake of only clear liquids to give the gallbladder a rest,
------ avoid fatty or greasy meals



6000 year old Ayurveda recommends Lemon juice or any other citrus fruit juices helps to stop the liver from making the stones as cholesterol stones.  This juice contains pectin that helps to give relief from the gallbladder pain that caused due to stones in it. 

 Vitamin C in this juice will make the cholesterol more water soluble and promotes for the quicker elimination of waste and stones in the bladder.  Drinking lemon juice everyday will help to prevent the gallstones.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/uric-acid-oxidation-of-purines-capt.html


It's estimated that approximately 90 percent of kidney stones are caused by calcium deposits in the kidneys.    These calcium deposits often can be attributed to drinking soft drinks and consuming other acidic foods.

The relationship between soda and kidney stones has been scientifically documented. Research has shown that patients who consume the largest quantities of soda are also the ones who have the highest rates of kidney stone formation. The phosphoric acid found in most sodas acts as a stone inducer.

Individuals who consume more than about 1 liter per week have been found to have about a 15 percent higher chance of getting kidney stones than people who don't.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html


Fructose in soft drinks increases excretion of calcium, oxalate, and uric acid, which contribute to stone formation.

The combination of soda and kidney stones can wreak havoc on the body.    When a person ingests soda, the phosphoric acid causes his or her body to become more acidic and unbalanced. The body naturally reacts and tries to neutralize the substance.    At first, the body uses stored minerals such as calcium, sodium, magnesium, and potassium to counteract the effects and re-balance itself.

A person's body will first try to neutralize the soda and kidney stones by using minerals in the blood. If this isn't enough, the body will then start releasing calcium from the bones. When the body gets to this stage, it starts overcompensating for its acidic condition and often releases excess calcium in anticipation of more acid coming in.    When the body releases too much calcium, it must then find a way to get rid of the excess.

Some of the excess calcium will be discharged through the urine, but most will end up deposited in other locations throughout the body. The deposits in the kidneys are what causes kidney stones to form. Other amounts of excess calcium are deposited in the joints, arteries and other parts of the body, causing numerous other health problems.

There is a medically proven relationship between soft drinks and kidney stones.  The best preventative measure for one to stop the formation of kidney stones is to consume little to no soft drinks like Coke.   

If a person is already prone to kidney stones, it's in his or her best interest to eliminate soda from his or her diet.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/dynamics-within-human-cell-what.html



Below: 


http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/11661711/Doctors-remove-420-kidney-stones-caused-by-excessive-tofu-from-patient-in-China.html




All TOFU party listen up-

Soybeans and soy-based foods may promote kidney stones in those prone to them, as they may contain high levels of oxalates, which can bind with calcium in your kidney to form kidney stones.

This is just one reason why unfermented soy -- the type found in soy milk, soy burgers, soy ice cream,  tofu -- is not a health food.    The risks of consuming unfermented soy products FAR outweigh any possible benefits.


If you're interested in enjoying the health benefits of soy, choose fermented soy, as after a long fermentation process, the phytate (which blocks your body's uptake of essential minerals) and anti-nutrient levels of soybeans (including oxalates) are reduced, and their beneficial properties become available to your digestive system.


3 decades ago, my ship was at sea and I was asleep.    

My wife shook me awake at 2 AM. " Get up, somebody is literally hammering our door. I can hear lot of voices too."

I immediately got up , put on my robe and opened the office door. My apartment had 4 rooms, a pantry and a washroom, being a huge Swedish Built tanker.

What I saw stunned me-- I could see almost the entire ship's complement in my alleyway-- about 55 of them, -- all looking frightened .

Then my attention shifted to some movement on the floor, and I saw a sailor writhing in pain , rolling around .

Immediately I asked the Bosun " What is wrong with him?"

The Bosun said " I don't know, but he is in great pain !"

Then I asked " Who is is cabin mate ?"

A sailor stepped forward. I asked him the same question.

He also said he does NOT know. So I asked him to think back, of any unusual conversation during the day.  He said " Yes, he told me while having morning tea that he took too long time to pass the usual routine urine "

Immediately I came to me bed room and told my wife, to go to Chief Engineers cabin. Then I scooped the writhing sailor on the floor, in my hands and placed him in my bath tub, and removed his pants.

This was a huge tub , meant for 150 kilo Scandinavian giants , and myself and my wife used to take bath together, those days.

I opened the hot water to keep his waist below water level, and told him to relax and piss into the tub when he is ready. By the time I finished telling him, I could see a yellow trickle gushing out from his prick.

Seeing him smiling , I asked him " Is there any more pain?"

He said " All pain has disappeared "  .

So I scooped him in my arms, nude, alongwith his pyjamas -- and took him to my door and slid him on the floor and said " All of you, FO, back to sleep, don't come back again!".

This happy but embarrassed sailor was immediately trying to puts his pyjamas back on, before my wife came back from the Chief Engineers cabin.

You should have seen the awed faces of my crew.  For here was a man about to die in severe pain, -- the Captain takes him in to his room , tells his wife to leave the cabin el pronto, shuts the door, and after 3 minutes opens the door again and slides down nay curls ( like the Canadian ice game ) a nude, wet and smiling guy .

Later myself and my wife looked for about 10 minutes , hard by shining a torch trough the yellow water in the white tub, if we can see the small urethra or urinary tract blocking stone, and we saw nothing-- strange! The sailor was OK till he got off the ship after 4 months.

This is how reputations are earned at sea-- it takes 3 or 4 decades to build a reputation - BUT-- you are only as good as your last innings ( unlike Tendulkar ) . Reputations crash in just 3 seconds. One first foot failure or one grounding or one sailor's death --everything carefully built over decades , comes crashing down.

 Imagine if this same man was in any place in Kerala, say at 5 PM. His wife makes a call to any doctor, begging him to come fast or alteast give some advise on phone -- what do you think will be the net result-- we all know it.

Now even if his wife takes him to the hospital , what do you think the learned doctor will do?  Be frank, doctors!




MOST PROCESSED FOODS CAUSE KIDNEY STONES . 

YET EVILPHARMA PREVAILS ON THE MEDICAL PROFESSION TO LIE IN A FOUL MANNER THAT FOOD INTAKE HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH KIDNEY STONES FORMATION. 

Kidney stones can form when substances in the urine—such as calcium, oxalate, and phosphorus—become highly concentrated. 

The body uses food for energy and tissue repair. After the body uses what it needs, waste products in the bloodstream are carried to the kidneys and excreted as urine. Diet is one of several factors that can promote or inhibit kidney stone formation.

One main controllable cause of kidney stones is a high-salt diet inherent in processed foods.



Monosodium glutamate, or MSG or Ajinomoto ( EXCITOTOXIN )  causes kidney stones.

Below:   As the name implies, monosodium glutamate (MSG) is the product of sodium (Na) and glutamate, known as a sodium salt. This chemical is an excitotoxin and causes children to get poor grades in school.


The book called Excitotoxins: The Taste That Kills was published by the neurosurgeon Dr. Russell Blaylock.    In his book, this expert says that nerve cells, including those in the brain, can be destroyed by the excitatory effects of glutamate from MSG.



ABOVE VIDEO WILL PREVENT YOUR CHILDREN FROM BEING " NOT SO BRIGHT "- 

THIS BLOGSITE WANTS APCO BRANDED ZIONIST DARLING NARENDRA MODI TO WATCH THE YOUTUBE VIDEO ABOVE  




PROCESSED FOOD MANUFACTURERS LIE ABOUT THEIR “TASTE ENHANCER CHEMICALS “.   

THEY MUST PRINT EXACTLY WHAT TYPE TASTE ENHANCER THEY USE .  



We Indians do NOT care for Chitpavan Madhuri Dixit who dances around like a sack of rotten potatoes why lisping Maggi Noodles is HEALTHY FOOD .



Visibly, MSG is a white crystalline powder that looks similar to table salt or sugar.

Below: Hey, GM food lover and Zionist darling Narendra Modi   --  have you heard of a Zionist agenda to make India a nation of mental retards ?   

Oh langot yaar BAAAA oh BIBBBEEE mujhe Nobel Peace Prize dilwaaa doh !




Below: The mouse on the left is "not so bright " without determination and initiative. 



Instant noodles also contain anti-freeze such as propylene glycol as humectants which help prevent noodles from drying. This ingredient brings about some of the health risks of instant noodles which include liver, heart and kidney problems, and a weakened immune system.

When your body excretes the salt you eat in urine, calcium is excreted as well.  Thus, the more salt you eat, the more salt and calcium will be excreted in urine.  

When calcium levels in the urine become too high, the calcium spills out into the urine and form kidney stones with sharp edges that may lodge in the kidney or ureter; higher calcium excretion may lead to kidney stone formation, particularly if fluid intake is inadequate.



Our bodies do need some sodium to help to regulate the amount of water in in the body and for the muscles to work correctly. People who consume processed foods  eat more salt than is required, which is no more than 2,300 mg a day for healthy individuals and less than 2,000 mg for those with certain diseases.  

Almost all kidney stone patients will benefit from simple dietary changes which include increasing their fluid intake and limiting certain types of food.   

Salt is often present in excess levels in processed foods, such as cured meats, canned goods, and many snack foods-just to increase taste and to have higher shelf life.  


All processed food MUST have a expiry date and the Indian govt MUST enforce it.  

More often than not , ministers , relevant officials in the govt and even judges are bribed by processed food manufacturers .  



Individuals who are trying to limit their sodium intake can also keep in mind for ingredients and hidden sodium content, such as:---
monosodium glutamate, or MSG
sodium bicarbonate, the chemical name for baking soda
baking powder, which contains sodium bicarbonate and other chemicals
disodium phosphate
sodium alginate
sodium nitrate or nitrite




DIGRESSION FROM PISS AND SLIME 

In the past year when the ZUMBA coach blasted BAILANDO at the gym I signal to him to turn the BASS up  -- I take a break to watch about 40 college girls sashay to this song .   

One particular attractive girl was a treat for the sore eye as she could move to this song --  and she sported a CAMEL TOE for good measure. 



There is great JOY in dance if you can paint music with your body .  Prakriti  performs best when Purusha is sakshi ( witness )




Now I must narrate a sailor joke which I heard in a shipboard party.  Sailors love sex jokes—if we run out of sex jokes even shit and fart jokes are passé-

Jap females were reputed to have a horizontal camel toe.
So a test was held to check this out.
First a yank female went down a sliding board.  –yeah the type we had at kindergarten school.
The sound came ZZZZZZZ
The an Indian female slid down –same sound ZZZZZZ
Many other nationalities  slid down—same sound ZZZZZZZZ
The the Jap female was told to slide down .
The sound same PRRRBRRRRRPRRRR—the type of sound which comes out a females lips when she tickles it with her forefinger and blows out with sound effects .


Buddha ZorbaJune 13, 2015 at 1:13 AM
GOLDEN WORDS

Prakriti  performs best when Purusha is sakshi.
ReplyDelete

Replies


















Capt. Ajit VadakayilJune 13, 2015 at 3:50 PM
hi bz,

most people imagine the sexual innuendo -- a young girl creaming between her legs while dancing - on being watched by a male with obscene muscles.

every artist needs an appreciative audience.

Shiva resides in the highest Sahasrāra Chakra and Shakti in the lowest Mūlādhāra Chakra.

Sankhya philosophy unified the Advaita and Dvaita forms of Hinduism in a most interesting manner.

When the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves.

Prakriti functions by borrowing consciousness from Purusha.

Purusha is bewitched nay entranced by Prakriti . Prakriti is only too eager to oblige by displaying her subtle charms.

Purusha, or supreme consciousness ( BrahmAn ) , is the impassive observer of all phenomena. Prakriti, excited in response to Purusa’s attention , has her gunas ( Yin-Yang or Tamas –Rajas ) thrown out of equilibrium.

She moves from transcendence to immanence and undergoes a series of transformations through which the multiform world comes into being. Purusha, was never really in bondage, or enmeshed with Prakriti.

well well-- what do these single messiah , single holy book ( like a multinational company manual ) religions know?

capt ajit vadakayil
..


############################# 


Kidney stones are hard crystals formed in the kidneys.   The stones usually produce no symptoms until they pass through the ureter, the muscular tube that connects the kidneys and the bladder. When stones pass, they can produce severe pain, nausea, vomiting and other symptoms. 

Nephrolithiasis is the medical term for kidney stones. . Kidney stones are called renal calculi. Having stones at any location in the urinary tract is referred to as urolithiasis, and the term ureterolithiasis is used to refer to stones located in the ureters.

Symptoms of a kidney stone include flank pain (the pain can be quite severe) and blood in the urine (hematuria).

Dehydration is a major risk factor for kidney stone formation. People with certain medical conditions, such as gout, and those who take certain medications or supplements are at risk for kidney stones.
Diet is related to stone formation.

Your urine may lack substances that prevent crystals from sticking together, creating an ideal environment for kidney stones to form.

Most kidney stones eventually pass through the urinary tract on their own within 48 hours, with ample fluid intake.

Four major types of kidney stones can form:---

Calcium stones are the most common type of kidney stone and occur in two major forms: calcium oxalate and calcium phosphate. Calcium oxalate stones are more common. Calcium oxalate stone formation may be caused by high calcium and high oxalate excretion. Calcium phosphate stones are caused by the combination of high urine calcium and alkaline urine, meaning the urine has a high pH. To help prevent calcium stones from forming, your doctor may prescribe a diuretic or a phosphate-containing preparation.

Oxalate is a naturally occurring substance found in food. Some fruits and vegetables, as well as nuts and chocolate, have high oxalate levels. Your liver also produces oxalate. Dietary factors, high doses of vitamin D, and several metabolic disorders can increase the concentration of calcium or oxalate in urine..

Uric acid stones form when the urine is persistently acidic. A diet rich in purines—substances found in animal protein such as meats, fish, and shellfish—may increase uric acid in urine. If uric acid becomes concentrated in the urine, it can settle and form a stone by itself or along with calcium.  Uric acid stones can form in people who don't drink enough fluids or who lose too much fluid, those who eat a high-protein diet, and those who have gout. Your doctor may prescribe medicines to reduce uric acid levels in your blood and urine and a medicine to keep your urine alkaline.

Struvite stones result from kidney infections. Eliminating infected stones from the urinary tract and staying infection-free can prevent more struvite stones. These stones can grow quickly and become quite large, sometimes with few symptoms or little warning. To prevent struvite stones, your doctor may recommend strategies to keep your urine free of bacteria that cause infection

Cystine stones result from a genetic disorder that causes cystine ( amino acid ) to leak through the kidneys and into the urine, forming crystals that tend to accumulate into stones. . Your doctor may also prescribe a medication that decreases the amount of cystine in your urine.

The first step in preventing kidney stones is to understand what is causing the stones to form. e, limiting oxalate in the diet may help prevent calcium oxalate stones but will do nothing to prevent uric acid stones.

Some dietary recommendations may apply to more than one type of stone. Most notably, drinking enough fluids helps prevent all kinds of kidney stones by keeping urine diluted and flushing away materials that might form stones.

If a person can catch a kidney stone as it passes, in a tea strainer ,  it can be sent to a lab for analysis.

Even children as young as 5 years are getting kidney stones today—something unimaginable before soft drinks like Coke with HFCS ( high fructose corn syrup ) and high Sodium salt processed foods were invented.  

The APCO branded Indian govt gets political donations from these Zionist soft drink multinationals - and hence turns a Nelson’s eye.   It is all about grabbing power and remaining in power by hook or by crook. 

Too much sodium consumption causes more calcium to be excreted into the urine, precipitating kidney stones made of calcium and phosphorus. Sodium  decreases urinary output by causing more water to be reabsorbed by the kidneys, further increasing the risk of stones. Processed foods, canned soups, hot dogs and cured meats are generally high in sodium and should be avoided by people with calcium phosphate stones. 

Salt is not the only source of sodium. Monosodium glutamate (MSG), baking soda and baking powder, and the common preservative sodium nitrate all have sodium as the main ingredient. Avoid these ingredients

GM Soybeans and soy-based foods promote kidney stones in those prone to them, as they may contain high levels of oxalates, which can bind with calcium in your kidney to form kidney stones.  This is just one reason why unfermented soy -- the type found in soy milk, soy burgers, soy ice cream, and even tofu -- is not a health food.

Blood and urine can also be tested for unusual levels of chemicals such as calcium, oxalate, and sodium to help determine what type of kidney stone a person may have had.

People can help prevent kidney stones by making changes in fluid intake and, depending on the type of kidney stone, changes in consumption of sodium, animal protein, calcium, and oxalate.

Drinking enough fluids each day is the best way to help prevent most types of kidney stones. a person drink 2 to 3 liters of fluid a day. People with cystine stones may need to drink even more.
Recommendations based on the specific type of kidney stone include the following:----

Calcium Oxalate Stones--

reducing sodium
reducing animal protein, such as meat, eggs, and fish
getting enough calcium from food or taking calcium supplements with food
avoiding foods high in oxalate, such as spinach, rhubarb, nuts, and wheat bran

Calcium Phosphate Stones--

reducing sodium
reducing animal protein
getting enough calcium from food or taking calcium supplements with food

Uric Acid Stones--

limiting animal protein

People who have had a kidney stone should drink enough water and other fluids to produce at least 2 liters of urine a day. People who have had cystine stones may need to drink even more. 

The amount of fluid each person needs to drink depends on the weather and the person’s activity level—people who work or exercise in hot weather need more fluid to replace the fluid they lose through sweaty. 

If the volume of urine produced is too low, the person can be advised to increase fluid intake. Drinking enough fluid is the most important thing a person can do to prevent kidney stones.

citrus drinks like lemonade and orange juice protect against kidney stones because they contain citrate, which stops crystals from growing into stones.

Sodium, often from salt, causes the kidneys to excrete more calcium into the urine. High concentrations of calcium in the urine combine with oxalate and phosphorus to form stones. Reducing sodium intake is preferred to reducing calcium intake.

The risk of kidney stones increases with increased daily sodium consumption. People who form calcium oxalate or calcium phosphate stones should limit their intake.

Meats and other animal protein—such as eggs and fish—contain purines, which break down into uric acid in the urine. Foods especially rich in purines include organ meats, such as liver. People who form uric acid stones should limit their meat consumption

Animal protein may also raise the risk of calcium stones by increasing the excretion of calcium and reducing the excretion of citrate into the urine. Citrate prevents kidney stones, but the acid in animal protein reduces the citrate in urine.

Calcium from food does not increase the risk of calcium oxalate stones. Calcium in the digestive tract binds to oxalate from food and keeps it from entering the blood, and then the urinary tract, where it can form stones. 

People who form calcium oxalate stones should include 800 mg of calcium in their diet every day, not only for kidney stone prevention but also to maintain bone density Other dairy products such as yogurt are also high in calcium. Calcium supplements may increase the risk of calcium oxalate stones if they are not taken with food.

Eating certain foods with high levels of oxalate can increase the amount of oxalate in the urine, where it combines with calcium to form calcium oxalate stones. Foods that have been shown to increase the amount of oxalate in urine include---

spinach
nuts
wheat bran
peanuts
beets
sweet potato
chocolate

Avoiding these foods may help reduce the amount of oxalate in the urine.

Diets that are low in carbohydrates increase the risk of uric acid stones .

Sodium, often from salt, causes the kidneys to excrete more calcium into the urine. High concentrations of calcium in the urine combine with oxalate and phosphorus to form stones. Reducing sodium intake is preferred to reducing calcium intake.

Meats and other animal protein—such as eggs and fish—contain purines, which break down into uric acid in the urine.

Calcium from food does not increase the risk of calcium oxalate stones. Calcium in the digestive tract binds to oxalate from food and keeps it from entering the blood, and then the urinary tract, where it can form stones.

Citrus fruits such as oranges and lemons have citrate, an alkaline substance that raises the pH of urine. As the urine pH rises, so does the risk of calcium phosphate stones. Avoid oranges, lemons, tangerines and the juices made from these fruits.

Some diet sodas contain higher amounts of citrate than homemade lemon juice. Consuming these beverages may increase the risk of kidney stones. People with calcium phosphate stones should not drink these beverages.

Animal proteins increase urinary calcium excretion as more calcium is taken from the bones to neutralize the acidity of these proteins. People with calcium phosphate stones should avoid eating too much meat, fish and poultry.

Urinary tract stones are more common in men than in women. Most urinary stones develop in people 20-49 years of age, and those who are prone to multiple attacks of kidney stones usually develop their first stones during the second or third decade of life. People who have already had more than one kidney stone are prone to developing further stones.

Pregnancy-related changes may increase the risk of stone formation. Factors that may contribute to stone formation during pregnancy include a slowing of the passage of urine due to increased progesterone levels and diminished fluid intake due to a decreasing bladder capacity from the enlarging uterus. Healthy pregnant women also have a mild increase in their urinary calcium excretion.

Some medications also raise the risk of kidney stones. These medications include some diuretics, calcium-containing antacids.

There are several factors which influence the ability to pass a stone. These include the size of the person, prior stone passage, prostate enlargement, pregnancy, and the size of the stone. A 4 mm stone has an 80% chance of passage while a 5 mm stone has a 20% chance. Stones larger than 9 mm-10 mm rarely pass without specific treatment.

Some medications have been used to increase the passage rates of kidney stones. These include calcium channel blockers and alpha blockers. These drugs may be prescribed to some people who have stones that do not rapidly pass through the urinary tract.



Strong painkillers are often needed to ease the pain until you pass the stone.

For kidney stones that do not pass on their own, a procedure called lithotripsy is often used. In this procedure, shock waves are used to break up a large stone into smaller pieces that can then pass through the urinary system.

Surgical techniques have also been developed to remove kidney stones when other treatment methods are not effective. This may be done through a small incision in the skin (percutaneous nephrolithotomy) or through an instrument known as an ureteroscope passed through the urethra and bladder up into the ureter.  

Ureteroscopy is a procedure where  a thin telescope is passed up into the ureter via the urethra and bladder. Once the stone is seen, a laser (or other form of energy) is used to break up the stone. This technique is suitable for most types of stone

A nephroscope (a thin telescope-like instrument) is passed through the skin and into the kidney. The stone is broken up and the fragments of stone are removed via the nephroscope. This procedure is usually done under general anaesthetic.

Stone removal can be done by a traditional operation where the skin has to be cut to allow access to the ureter and kidney. This is only needed in a very small number of cases where the above, newer techniques have not worked or are not possible. It may be done if you have a very large stone in your kidney.

 Rather than having to undergo treatment, it is best to avoid kidney stones in the first place when possible. It can be especially helpful to drink more water, since low fluid intake and dehydration are major risk factors for kidney stone formation.

Drinking lemon juice may be helpful in preventing kidney stones.

People who have had a kidney stone remain at risk for future stones throughout their lives.. Many waste chemicals are dissolved in the urine—never drink your own urine .




Signs and symptoms:----

Severe pain in the side and back, below the ribs
Pain that spreads to the lower abdomen and groin
Pain that comes in waves and fluctuates in intensity
Pain on urination
Pink, red or brown urine
Cloudy or foul-smelling urine
Nausea and vomiting
Persistent need to urinate
Urinating more often than usual
Fever and chills if an infection is present
Urinating small amounts of urine

Pain caused by a kidney stone may change — for instance, shifting to a different location or increasing in intensity — as the stone moves through your urinary tract.



Seek immediate medical attention if you experience:----

Pain so severe that you can't sit still or find a comfortable position
Pain accompanied by nausea and vomiting
Pain accompanied by fever and chills
Blood in your urine

If your doctor suspects you have a kidney stone, you may have diagnostic tests and procedures, such as:

Blood testing. Blood tests may reveal too much calcium or uric acid in your blood. Blood test results help monitor the health of your kidneys and may lead your doctor to check for other medical conditions.

Urine testing. The 24-hour urine collection test may show that you're excreting too many stone-forming minerals or too few stone-preventing substances. For this test, your doctor may request that you perform two urine collections over two consecutive days.

Imaging. Imaging tests may show kidney stones in your urinary tract. Options range from simple abdominal X-rays, which can miss small kidney stones, to high-speed or dual energy computerized tomography (CT) that may reveal even tiny stones.

Other imaging options include an ultrasound, a noninvasive test, and intravenous urography, which involves injecting dye into an arm vein and taking X-rays (intravenous pyelogram) or obtaining CT images (CT urogram) as the dye travels through your kidneys and bladder.

 Some calcium phosphate stones are caused by overactive parathyroid glands, which are located on the four corners of your thyroid gland, just below your Adam's apple. When these glands produce too much parathyroid hormone (hyperparathyroidism), your calcium levels can become too high and kidney stones may form as a result.

Hyperparathyroidism sometimes occurs when a small, benign tumor forms in one of your parathyroid glands or you develop another condition that leads these glands to produce more parathyroid hormone. Removing the growth from the gland stops the formation of kidney stones. Or your doctor may recommend treatment of the condition that's causing your parathyroid gland to overproduce the hormone.

Your doctor may ask that you measure your urine output to make sure that you're drinking enough water.

Ayurveda uses pomegranate seeds and some herbs for kidney health

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/09/pomegranate-divine-fruit-capt-ajit.html



If the pain radiates from the loin to the groin region it means that the stone is migrating down from the kidney towards the bladder.

Increase intake of magnesium and citrate. Magnesium can lower the risk of stone formation. If you suffer from kidney stones, ensure that your magnesium intake is adequate. Refined processed foods removes all magnesium from the foods.

Avoid drinking A1 toxic milk of humpless cows.

With the govt turning a blind eye to Zionist soft drinks and processed foods ,it is estimated that one in eight people will have a kidney stone at some time in their lives. 

Nephrologists and EVIL Pharma are laughing all the way to the bank.





Processed foods are infused with preservatives, artificial colors, and artificial flavorings. Generally if you see canned processed foods with extra long shelf life, you must know it is infused with toxic preservatives. 

The best way to avoid toxic chemical additives is to consume only fresh whole organic foods.

Consuming artificial sweeteners has been shown to result in even greater weight gain than consuming sugar. We have stars like Bipasha Basu pushing artificial sweeteners like Sugar Free Gold.

Weight gain is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the health hazards of artificial sweeteners.

Artificial sweeteners raise your risk of diabetes .   They eliminate the good bacteria in the gut.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/probiotics-prebiotics-friendly-gut.html

As per 6000 year old Ayurveda 90% diseases start from the gut.

For example, best-selling artificial sweetener Splenda (sucralose) can destroy up to 50 percent of your beneficial gut flora.4 

Consuming sucralose can cause or aggravate inflammatory bowel disease because of its interference with gastrointestinal function.

These sweeteners  alters glucose and insulin function, thereby promoting weight gain, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes.

Some people use it to sweeten sweetened hot desserts like kheer.  Sucralose may cause DNA damage, and when heated it releases chloropropanols, which are members of the extremely dangerous class of carcinogens called dioxins.    

Artificial sweeteners are a group of chemical additives that should be completely avoided.   Mind you there is a EVIL PHARMA lobby laughing all the way to the bank. They send the medical stalwarts for sexual jaunts ( minor girls and boys ) to Thailand if money cant buy them.
  


Since the recent introduction of trans fats in human health has taken a blow. Trans fats promote inflammation, which is a benchmark of most chronic disease.

Trans fats also interfere with basic cell membrane function, which can pave the way for cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease.  Trans fats can radically raise your risk for stroke.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/dynamics-within-human-cell-what.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/human-cells-conscious-with-intelligent.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/cellular-memory-complete-healing-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/healing-by-increasing-cell-voltage-capt.html



This blogsite wants PM Modi to set an example to the world and BAN transfats.    If we have to be No 1 superpower of this planet in 20 years we may as well begin now.




All Zionist food manufacturers must remove the primary source of artificial trans fat—partially hydrogenated oils (PHOs)—from their products.

Trans fat is the byproduct of PHOs, and it’s created through a process called hydrogenation.   Under certain conditions, sending hydrogen through oil can cause the oils to change in thickness and saturation and even become solids.  This can give foods a certain taste and texture and it can up the shelf life of processed food.

Trans fat is linked to heart disease. This kind of fat has been shown to raise bad cholesterol and lower good cholesterol—which can increase risk of heart problems and even type-2 diabetes.  Trans fat builds up plaque in arteries, which could eventually lead to heart attack.     

Children become “not so bright” when they eat trans fat .  Processed foods like baked and frozen products are most likely to contain trans fat.    




Here are some foods that commonly contain it:

crackers, cookies, cakes, frozen pies and other baked goods
snack foods like microwave popcorn
coffee creamers
refrigerated dough products like biscuits and cinnamon rolls
ready-to-use frostings



Now Zionist food companies are currently allowed to say they have zero trans fat, and label the product as such, if they contain less than 0.5 grams per serving.   However it is unsafe even at that miniscule level.





Trans fat is the worst type of fat you can eat.   Partially hydrogenated oil is less likely to spoil, so foods made with it have a longer shelf life.  Some restaurants use partially hydrogenated vegetable oil in their deep fryers, because it doesn't have to be changed as often as do other oils.



Monsanto’s Roundup yielded several disruptions to the cells’ health --increased intracellular calcium concentration, leading to calcium overload and cell death 



Hydrogenated vegetable oils are in the vast majority of processed foods, including crackers, chips, fried foods, and many others.  


Virgin coconut oil is the only healthy veg oil. Unlike trans fats, vegetable oils continue to be ignored despite the fact that they degrade into toxic oxidation byproducts when heated.

The food and health industry LIED and got away for decades.  As it turns out, saturated fat like Virgin Coconut oil was never the culprit in heart disease. That assumption was based on DELIBERATE flawed research, the conclusions of which were entirely erroneous.

Trans fats (found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oils) are to blame for rising heart disease rates

Trans fats prevent the synthesis of prostacyclin  which is necessary to keep your blood flowing..


Oxidized cholesterol forms when polyunsaturated vegetable oils (such as soybean, corn and sunflower oils) are heated. This oxidized cholesterol (not dietary cholesterol in and of itself) causes increased thromboxane formation—a factor that clots your blood.

Even when not oxidized by frying, soybean and corn oils can oxidize inside the body."

You need Saturated Fats like Virgin coconut oil and humped cow ghee for healthy brain function



 In the last decade, we've also shifted over to genetically engineered (GE) grains and sugar (GE sugar beets and corn), all of which harm our health.
  
Besides the damage from trans fats, vegetable oils such as peanut, corn, and soy oil degrade into highly toxic oxidation products called cyclic aldehydes when heated, and these byproducts may actually do more harm than trans fat.    

Acrylamide is a highly toxic byproduct produced when starchy or carbohydrate-rich foods such as potatoes and grains are fried or cooked at high temperatures.    

French fries, chips, cookies, crackers, and cereals tend to have some of the highest levels of acrylamide, courtesy of the processing they've been put through.   Acrylamide is a known neurotoxin, and animal research has revealed clear evidence of carcinogenic activity.



VIRGIN COCONUT OIL IS THE ONLY VEG OIL SUITABLE FOR HIGH HEAT INDIAN COOKING.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html




 Below: Message for Rothschild darling and APCO branded Narendra Modi.
  


One byproduct category is cyclic aldehydes, which are highly inflammatory and causes heart disease and Alzheimer’s.   



Vegetable oils such as GM soybean oil, canola, corn, and other oils have the additional risk of being contaminated with glyphosate.





Glyphosate is an herbicide that targets a particular biochemical pathway in plants in order to kill them.
.
Stupid people  nay CHOOTS  are spraying Glyphosate in the lawns which seep into ground water .



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/vanishing-lakes-rain-water-harvesting.html



The new Sri Lanka's newly elected president, Maithripala Sirisena, announced  a TOTAL BAN on the world's most used herbicide, glyphosate. He mothballed all existing stocks .   

Maithripala Sirisena does NOT have a personal agenda to wrangle a NOBEL peace prize – nor is he APCO branded to allow the quintessential pound of flesh to be given to Zionists.



WHAT IS HIDDEN IS THAT GLYPHOSPATE MAKES YOU A TATTU WHO CANNOT PRODUCE BABIES -- MAN BECOMES STERILE , IN LOW DOSES .   TATTUs FIRE BLANKS, IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN ! 




TAAJA KHABAR , BREAKING NEWS — ZIONIST  FRANCE HAS JUST BANNED MONSANTOs ROUND UP.

BUT HEY, OUR ROTHSCHILD DARLING AND APCO BRANDED MODI WANTS GM KELA, GM DHALL, GM CHAAWAL—  NOBEL PEACE PRIZE MAANGTHA HAI NA ?

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/environment/developmental-issues/France-bans-sale-of-Monsanto-herbicide-Roundup-in-nurseries/articleshow/47666414.cms




When you see the term “artificial flavors” on a label, there’s no way to know what it actually means.  It could mean that one unnatural additive is included—or a blend of hundreds.  For example, strawberry artificial flavor may contain around 50 chemical compounds.

The butter flavoring added to microwave popcorn (diacetyl) causes children to score poor marks in school.  Older people get Alzheimer’s disease.




MSG is an excitotoxin.   Processed food manufacturers avoid mentioning MSG .  Instead, dozens of other names may be used, such as glutamic acid, hydrolyzed protein, yeast extract, and dozens of others. 



Part of the problem is that free glutamic acid (MSG is approximately 78 percent free glutamic acid) is the same neurotransmitter that your brain, nervous system, eyes, pancreas, and other organs use to initiate certain processes in your body.. 

MSG has been associated with obesity, eye damage, headaches, fatigue, disorientation, depression, rapid heartbeat, and numbness and tingling.



Small school children are being force fed with toxic food dyes.  




Children get attracted to brightly coloured foods , and the EVIL turds have started producing neon foods.   




A variety of common food dyes and the preservative sodium benzoate cause some children to become more hyperactive, distractible and inattentive in class.. 




Many of these food dyes are derived from coal tars







Indian children have got addicted to Maggi noodles. Most processed foods are infused with toxic chemicals which fool the brain and make it “hyper rewarding”.  




Their brain biochemistry hijacked by the intense dopamine release that occurs in the brain when they eat these foods



Evil Pharma bribes the right people to suppress the truth.



HFCS and highly rewarding junk foods activate the same areas in the brain as drugs of abuse like cocaine

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/coconut-palm-tree-sugar-nutritious.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/understanding-obesity-shedding.html

Preservatives lengthen the shelf life of foods, increasing manufacturers’ profits— at your expense, since most are linked to health problems such as cancer, allergic reactions, kidney/ gall bladder stones and more. Always check the expiry dates of processed foods.

Food manufacturers add preservatives to processed foods to keep them from going bad. Butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA) and butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT) are two preservatives used to keep fats from going rancid. BHA and BHT (butylated hydroxyanisole and butylated hydrozyttoluene)     Chewing gum, breakfast cereals, breads, crackers, potato chips, nut mixes, and many others    Neurological problems, behavioral issues, hormonal issues, metabolic dysfunction, and cancer.  BHT increase levels of liver enzymes




TBHQ (tertiary-butyl hydroquinone) TBHQ is a synthetic antioxidant that is used to extend the shelf life of oily and fatty foods. In processed foods, it's sprayed on the food or on its packaging to prevent discoloration and changes to flavor and odor. It is used in Instant noodles, crackers, candy, commercial pizza, and many others.           

It causes nausea and vomiting, tinnitus, delirium, sense of suffocation, liver toxicity, and reproductive mutations; so deadly that just 5 grams can kill you.





 



Sodium nitrite and nitrate are used in deli meats, bacon, ham, smoked fish, and hot dogs. They cause colorectal, stomach, and pancreatic cancers











AnuJune 15, 2015 at 8:05 PM
Sir,
My friends Dad is diagnosed with progressive supranuclear palsy.
He has trouble with balance and no control over urination. He also has slurred talking.
Is there any naturo or ayurvedic cure for it ?

Thanks
Anu
ReplyDelete

Replies





















Capt. Ajit VadakayilJune 16, 2015 at 6:41 AM
hi a,

THERE IS NO CURE FOR PROGRESSIVE SUPRANUCLEAR PALSY. The disease usually develops after the sixth decade of life.

No lab test can confirm the diagnosis of PSP--- Blood tests may be done to rule out other conditions that cause dementia symptoms. These include infections, blood disorders, chemical abnormalities, hormonal disorders, and liver or kidney problems

The average life expectancy is around seven years from onset.

IT COULD HAVE BEEN PREVENTED OR ABORTED BY MEDICAL MARIJUANA IN ITS EARLY STAGES.--NO DOCTOR WILL AGREE WITH ME HOWEVER.

REMEMBER THIS BLOGSITE GIVES AN OUTSIDERs VIEW -ONLY INFORMATION-NEVER ADVISE.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html


before the zionists meddles with the food chain-- this disease of PSP did NOT exist.

even today a lot of western people who suffer from VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE are being deliberately misdiagnosed as parkinson's , dementia, alzhiemers, PSP etc- to save the politicians who FED MEAT TO VEGETARIAN COWS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html


PSP was called Steele-Richardson-Olszewski syndrome, after the 3 scientists who first described it in 1963--before PROCESSED FOOD was introduced this disease never existed.

Progressive – it gets steadily worse over time
Supranuclear – it damages parts of the brain above the pea-sized ‘nuclei’ that control eye movements
Palsy – it causes weakness (of eye)


.PSP is progressive, meaning that it gets worse over time. The disease affects the part of the brain above the nuclei (“supranuclear”), which are pea-sized structures in the part of the nervous system that controls eye movements. Palsy means weakness, and it is this characteristic weakness in eye movements for which the disease is named.

CONTINUED TO 2-
Delete
 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilJune 16, 2015 at 6:42 AM
CONTINUED FROM 1-

#################################

IMPORTANT :

The classic eye movement problem is an inability to voluntarily move the eyes downward, which occurs because of lesions in the area of the brain that coordinates eye movements. Ultimately, all voluntary eye movements may be lost.

People with PSP usually stand straight or occasionally even tilt their heads backward (and tend to fall backward), while those with Parkinson's disease usually bend forward.

Loss of REM sleep.

#############################

there is eye focus problem, double or tunnel vision and dislike of bright lights.

To prevent falling backwards patients can use weighted walking aids.Bifocals or special glasses called prisms are sometimes prescribed to remedy the difficulty of looking down .

Gradually, the following more specific symptoms appear for people with PSP:

Unexplained balance problems
Stiff or awkward steps while walking
Very slow movements
Frequent falls, clumsiness
Visual problems - Blurry or double vision, problems controlling eye movements (inability to maintain eye contact), light sensitivity
Behavior or personality changes - Irritation, grouchiness
Memory loss, forgetfulness
Apathy (indifference)
Slowed thinking, reasoning, planning
Inappropriate laughing or crying
Angry or aggressive outbursts
Slurred speech
Swallowing problems - Solids and liquids
Mask-like facial expression (no expression)
Muscle spasms
Inability to hold urine (incontinence) - Late stages only

Difficulty swallowing (dysphagia) is one of the common complications of PSP and can cause choking or inhaling food or liquid into the airways (aspiration). Aspiration can develop into pneumonia.

A surgeon can place a feeding tube in the stomach in a simple procedure called a gastrostomy. This is necessary for people who cannot swallow enough food to maintain good nutrition.

A loss of interest in ordinary pleasurable activities or increased irritability, cantankerousness, and forgetfulness. Individuals may suddenly laugh or cry for no apparent reason, they may be apathetic, or they may have occasional angry outbursts, also for no apparent reason.


Remember- individuals affected by PSP have trouble voluntarily shifting their gaze downward, and also can have trouble controlling their eyelids. This can lead to involuntary closing of the eyes, prolonged or infrequent blinking, or difficulty in opening the eyes. there is an inability to maintain eye contact during a conversation.

Daily physical exercise helps keep the body strong and flexible and stimulates the mind. The individual should engage in as much mental activity as he or she can handle. Puzzles, games, reading, and safe hobbies and crafts are good choices. Ideally, these activities should be interactive. They should be of an appropriate level of difficulty to ensure that the person does not become overly frustrated.

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete

 

 
WE WANT THE APCO MODI GOVT TO START FINING THESE EVIL PROCESSED FOOD MULTINATIONALS 

 











http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/killer-aluminium-leaches-in-your-food.html






WHEN YOU RETIRE--

 MAKE SURE YOU DO NOT HAVE WRINKLES -  

MAKE SURE YOU ENJOY YOUR HARD EARNED SAVINGS -  

MAKE SURE YOU CAN STILL SIT ON A BEACH , GET OGLED BY ATTRACTIVE TEENAGED GIRLS -  AND TURNED ON. 

NO , THERE IS NO NEED TO DO MENTAL COPULATION 

-- IT IS ALL ABOUT FEELING GREAT !



I KNOW OF MANY CHOOTS WHO WORKED THEIR ASSES OFF TO SAVE MONEY--

--AND THEN SPENT THE WHOLE DANG THING IN THE LAST ONE YEAR OF THEIR MISERABLE LIFE ON PLANET EARTH ,  ON EVIL PHARMA - AND 85 LAKH DONATION PARTY DOCTORS ( WHO KNOW SHIT )  

THE WORLD IS NOW AWAKE TO THE EVILS OF THE PROCESSED FOOD MULTINATIONAL GIANTS WHO BRIBE THE PILLARS OF EXECUTIVE, LEGISLATURE, JUDICIARY AND BENAMI MEDIA . 

ALL THEIR COLLECTIVE ETHOS, PATHOS AND LOGOS INFUSED PERSUASIVE BRANDING WONT SAVE THEM.


This gives me food for thought for my next post.


6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDA HAD THE BEST TREATMENT FOR KIDNEY STONES - A BONZAI TYPE PLANT WHICH GROWS IN ROCK TERRAIN NAMED PARPADAM.
******************************************************************************
ETHOS, LOGOS, PATHOS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Capt. Ajit VadakayilApril 1, 2015 at 8:06 AM
Dr. usha kapuria
April 1, 2015 at 7:33 AM
oh it is wonderful.You got revealed to me at this very point of time.Your topics are great.My stories also veer around human pathos.Hope you could assess them.You are brilliant

ReplyDelete
Replies
###########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
April 1, 2015 at 8:04 AM
hi uk,

the roof of pathos ( emotions ) cannot deliver on its own in a truth exhuming blog site.

it has to be laid on a foundation of ethos ( trust )

supported by walls made of logos ( consistency )

to hold the INTEREST of a vast multinational audience ( whom you bollock hour after hour ) you need pathos .

any idiot can hold the ATTENTION -- only a chosen few can hold the interest .

and the authors who were sponsored by big brother -- they have all fallen by the wayside in this internet age.

have you seen the pathetic JOKERS on main stream media ?

they are like the flea ridden cats at port royale , discussing how the treasure should be divided and which pirate should get what. the pirates do NOT even know that these mangy cats exist.

like body/ mind and soul -- every piece of prose must have ethos/ pathos / logos.

without pathos poetry cannot exist.

check out the worlds greatest poets sponsored by big brother -- do you see any pathos ?

a perceptive soul verily said - "the heart has reasons that the mind knows not of." -- statistics may fall, arguments may fall short -- pathos never fails.

only IDIOTS like winston churchill think pathos is rhetoric

capt ajit vadakayil
..









Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears;
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
The evil that men do lives after them;
The good is oft interred with their bones;
So let it be with Caesar. The noble Brutus
Hath told you Caesar was ambitious:
If it were so, it was a grievous fault,
And grievously hath Caesar answer'd it.
Here, under leave of Brutus and the rest--
For Brutus is an honourable man;
So are they all, all honourable men--
Come I to speak in Caesar's funeral.
He was my friend, faithful and just to me:
But Brutus says he was ambitious;
And Brutus is an honourable man.
He hath brought many captives home to Rome
Whose ransoms did the general coffers fill:
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
When that the poor have cried, Caesar hath wept:
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff:
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious;
And Brutus is an honourable man.
You all did see that on the Lupercal
I thrice presented him a kingly crown,
Which he did thrice refuse: was this ambition?
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious;
And, sure, he is an honourable man.
I speak not to disprove what Brutus spoke,
But here I am to speak what I do know.
You all did love him once, not without cause:
What cause withholds you then, to mourn for him?
O judgment! thou art fled to brutish beasts,
And men have lost their reason. Bear with me;
My heart is in the coffin there with Caesar,
And I must pause till it come back to me.



In his Rhetorica Aristotle identifies the three canonical modes of artistic proof:  ethos, pathos and logos on grounds that, in order to persuade, one must exude good character, move the audience by appealing to emotions, and, of course, advance good reasons. 

Aristotle lifted his ideas from the DIALECTICS, METAPHYSICS , EPISTEMOLOGY, EMPIRICISM of the Indian Vedas and Upanishads penned down 7000 years ago.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/vedas-and-upanishads-written-in-5000-bc.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/on-trail-of-truth-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



THE ROOF OF PATHOS CANNOT BE LAID WITHOUT THE FOUNDATION OF ETHOS AND THE WALLS OF LOGOS..   NO BOOK OR WEBSITE TILL DATE , HAS THE PERCEPTION TO MENTION THIS.











A CHANGE MANAGER must know the art of persuasion.    

Half wits  cannot be change managers.

I have been a change manager at sea.

I KEPT PATHOS OUT OF THE EQUATION.

TRAGEDY KINGS GET A KICK ON THEIR BACK SIDES,  AS A TOOL OF PERSUASION.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/change-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/domino-effect-in-change-management-capt.html




As captain of ships for 3 decades , I never travelled on the beaten track.

I had my own ULTRA effective way – it is known as humor management. 

I would have all on my ship eating from my left palm.  

All my shore bosses wondered what mysterious magic captain used – for my method had zilch logos and pathos ..

- it had only ethos — my own fuckin’ credibility.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/humor-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



43 years ago, while on my training ship ( with 250 cadets )  I won the first prize in English reporting .

I chose a drab subject like a live drill while inflating a life raft alongside the training ship.  I just packed the essay with PATHOS.  


I knew I would get the prize.

So what is PATHOS ?

Punch into Google search –

OLD ALUMNI MEET

You will note that my post is first among 28 million posts .



Read it and watch the videos. 

The sentences TWANG your heart and soul strings – yes , PATHOS does this.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/old-alumni-meet-kendriya-vidyalaya-no-1.html




Mother Teresa used PATHOS to fool the whole world.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/diabolical-ministering-angel-mother.html



Above: Dollar bhejo phataphat !

Mother Teresa ran a global money spinning conglomerate with NIL core values - she kept her Calcutta poor home as an open sore. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/core-values-exemplary-capt-ajit.html




Everybody talks about persuasion by LOGOS and PATHOS to get a job done.

But if you have leadership spirit ETHOS alone is good enough..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/spirit-and-che-guevara-capt-ajit.html



Well, well, what do they know !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/blue-ocean-leadership-capt-ajit.html






A leader’s pathos ignites hope, his ethos stirs unbridled faith, his logos deals in hard reality.





AT SEA , AS A SHIPS CAPTAIN FOR 3 DECADES, MY ETHOS WAS SO HUGE (LITERALLY- CAPTAINs SHIT DOES NOT SMELL ) THAT MANY OF MY SHORE BOSSES WHO GAVE ME A BAD SERVICE REPORT GOT SACKED.  

IT TAKES A LIFE TIME TO BUILD ETHOS –  ALL IT TAKES IS ONE CARELESS SECOND TO BRING THE ETHOS EDIFICE CRUMBLING DOWN.   

YOU CANT HANG ON LIKE A LIMPET FOR TWO FULL YEARS LIKE TENDULKAR.



IN THE CHEMICAL TANKER WORLD AT SEA CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL IS A BIG BRAND

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/personal-branding-me-inc-capt-ajit.html

Below: ethos gone awry- all know that his Beckham's prick is neither big nor horizontal - GM banana ka kamaal !!




When I was in school I bagged all the first prizes when it came to extempore speaking. 

Here words must be delivered in a river flow of consciousness that is fluent, erudite and articulate, while being unscripted.

I looked upon the audience as a bunch of choots who needed to be reminded to wipe their dripping noses.

I could convince the audience that the sun rises in the west at the beginning of my speech and that the sun rises in the east at the end -  and have the audience lap it all up.




I used to be a mentor at sea.

ETHOS ALONE PREVAILS !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/mentoring-at-sea-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

In the Vedic days a mentor was called a GURU.

The modern world knows NOTHING of the ancient art of mentorship.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/shravana-manana-nididhyasana-way-of.html



Lord Shiva as Dakshinamurthy is regarded as the first guru.   Dakshinamurthy , the first Guru who had NO Guru .  

He attuned and imparted vast knowledge to the 4 Kumaras via silence while in the Turiya state.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/beyond-theta-state-to-turiya-capt-ajit.html

This is beyond the wildest comprehension of the shallow minded modern white man.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/lord-shiva-as-first-guru-dakshinamurthy.html



Ethos involves the speaker’s/ writer’s authority on the subject,  sterling character , credibility , reputation ,  inherent ethics,  trust he generates,  integrity , compassion,  fairness,  accountability, superior style , tone,  ethics,  behavior , personal warmth , clarity of mind , knowledge , experience , family history, code of conduct , transparency , selflessness etc .

His reputation precedes him. 

Rothschild cloaked Gandhi in ETHOS before he imported him from South Africa and unleashed him on unsuspecting Indians, to sit on the drivers seat of our freedom struggle.

People must get the feeling that you are considerate and worth listening to.

We tend to believe people whom we respect  and like.

Ethos (Greek for 'character') refers to the trustworthiness or credibility of the writer or speaker..
The speakers  reputation must exist  independently from his message.

People are willing to listen what Maradona has to say on the subject of soccer- he needs NO introduction or production of bonafides.



The impact of ethos is often called the argument's 'ethical appeal' or the 'appeal from credibility.'
Ethos is the Greek word for “character.” The word “ethic” is derived from ethos.

The Greeks established a sense of ethos by a family's reputation in the community.

Aristotle says, if people are gonna  judge your spoken and/or written ideas by virtue of the appearance of good sense, you'd best polish that quality.

Ethos can be developed by choosing language that is appropriate for the audience and topic .
The layman deos NOT appreciate bombastic language .

The speaker must  sound fair or unbiased,  when introducing his own expertise or pedigree.
Or  he will sound like an asshole , nay prick of the first order.

In the second presidential debate of 2008, Senator John PRICK McCain emphasized his own good
 judgment in this stupid way:

"And I am convinced that my record, going back to my opposition from sending the Marines 
to Lebanon, to supporting our efforts in Kosovo and Bosnia and the first Gulf War, and my 
judgment, I think, is something that ... I'm willing to stand on."


Only CHOOTS dole out self-testimonials this way.


John baby did so because he believed what Aristotle wrote 2300 years ago  “ If you want people 
to believe you, you must first show that you believe yourself”.

Some bullshit funda Aristotle wrote on his own-  most he lifted from ancient Indian scriptures.




Good speakers use powerful gestures, and eye contact and so on to bath themselves in ethos.

Above: The peabrained  TV evangelists who jump around like orangutans look stupid.



Often, a celebrity endorses a product to lend it more credibility— like how Chitpavan  Madhuri Dixit jumped around like  sack of potatoes while lying MAGGI  NOODLES IS HEALTHY FOOD





Ethos is a difficult thing to acquire; sometimes it may take decades to build a strong, credible reputation .

But Jew Rothschild who ruled India gave instant cooked up ethos to Gandhi using his monopolized media.

We have an atheist like Agnivesh who gave himself the title of Swami and wears saffron robes of our ancient gurus to grab ethos.  Mind you, this man created and named Nobel prize winner Kailash Satyarthi.   Both worked for a foreign funded NGO- Mukti Pratishthan Trust – two decades ago.



In a court room you can see that LOGOS rules.

Logos means persuading by the use of reasoning and was Aristotle’s favorite.  Aristotle believed that logos should be the most important of the three persuasive appeals. As a philosopher and a master of logical reasoning, he believed that logos should be the only required persuasive appeal. That is, if you demonstrated logos, you should not need either ethos or pathos.   

However most people who won’t change their minds based on logical argument are willing to do so when their emotions are involved, which is why so many political advertisements use them.

Giving rock hard reasons is the heart of argumentation, and cannot be emphasized enough.


The strategy behind logos is not to just to spit out a fact or number and have that be your argument, but rather to use factual or agreed upon information to provide a foundation for your argument.  Logos gives the audience a tangible comparison and is especially useful because it’s extremely difficult to argue with sound logic.

Logos (Greek for 'word') refers to the internal consistency of the message--the clarity of the claim, the logic of its reasons, and the effectiveness of its supporting evidence.  The impact of logos on an audience is sometimes called the argument's logical appeal.

Logos appeals to the audience's sense of logic.  Logos deals with reason , proof, supporting evidence,  consistency, facts, figures, case studies, credible arguments, strategy, history , examples, statistics , analogies etc.  

There appeals to cause and consequences.

Having a logos appeal also enhances ethos because information makes the speaker look knowledgeable and prepared to his or her audience.  

Our BENAMI media gives us  inaccurate, falsified, or miscontextualized data , to enact a pathos effect.

Logos focuses first on the argument, using cool logic and rational explanation, as well as demonstrable evidence.

If you argue without evidence, a scientist would dismiss your argument as metaphysical (literally, outside the physical world) and call you a wannable prophet
  
Reason uses rational points that call on accepted truths and proven theories.  Where evidence does not exist, reason may still prevail.  A common tool in reasoning is to link two items together, for example by cause and effect.

Reasoning often uses syllogisms, that include a major premise, a minor premise and a conclusion based on the combination of the two premises.

Good writing and speaking skills are among the talents modern employers are looking for.

Logos orients us three ways.   It leads us towards practical problem solving. It prompts decision and action. And, it helps us plan for the future with vision and strategy.
  
Aristotle said “the most important thing by far is to have a command of metaphor”.  He added: “For this is the only one that cannot be learned from anyone else, and is a sign of natural genius, as to be good at metaphor is to perceive resemblances. It gives clearness charm and distinction to style.”

Metaphors say things in terms of something else.  They create associations and links between things.. The best metaphors awaken the senses by evoking images and emotions in the audience. They define things in fresh new ways.  They create a mini-story in a sentence. They are remembered long after facts are forgotten.

They are sticky.  Like long after  the music is forgotten the melody lingers.  Metaphor has transformational power by creating a bridge between previously unconnected things.

Aristotle understood: “Metaphor is judged not only by its fit to the thing signified, but also by its sound or by the appeal it makes to the eye or some other sense.”




Metaphors work partly because they offer simplifications of the complex world. A metaphor creates an appealing image or picture of an often far more complicated reality.

Metaphor heightens drama and evokes imagery.
  



Aristotle’s insight that: “A fool tells me his reasons. The wise man persuades me with my own”.. 

Different people are persuaded by different types of appeals. Some people are influenced most by values, stories and metaphors; others just want you to be factual, brief and to the point. 

Some revel in the details and want to know how your proposal is going to work; and still others feel empowered by being part of a social group sharing the experience of working and being together. 

Different things impact on different people.

Some people are ‘thinkers’ while others are ‘feelers’. Thinkers are more persuaded by rational arguments based on logic and analysis. Feelers are more persuaded by values-based arguments.

Skilled communicators can reach out to all personality types.  Reason can be built into an argument through storytelling.   

Instant story telling and deriving morals is a priceless logos method - very few people can do this.  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/super-panchatantra-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

At sea I held my crew's interest by narrating juicy stories with sex, shit and fart embedded in the story- and they loved me for it..


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/word-for-every-occasion-capt-ajit.html

In the post below you can substitute caustic with SHIT.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/caustic-humor-on-chemical-tankers-capt.html

“Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.” – Plato

Aristotle opens the rhetoric maintaining that: “rhetoric is the counterpart of dialectic”

Aristotle defines dialectic as “a logical method of debating issues of general interest, starting from widely accepted propositions (endoxa)” (74) and to be able to hold up an argument while saying nothing self-contradictory.

Though based upon endoxa (a sophistic device), dialectic’s true strength derives from its ability to view both sides of an argument – and then to use, in its way, endoxa to generate conclusions based on an audience’s emotions.  Dialectic tests old ideas while creating new ones.
  
Rhetoric and dialectic both begin with endoxa; however, rhetoric uses a different set of proofs than does dialectic.  These proofs lie in character (ethos) and emotions (pathos) – whilke dialectic can be seen as socially constructed logic (logos). 


Rhetoric and dialectic combined comprise Aristotle’s tripartite rhetorical tream of ethos, pathos, and logos.


WHERE ETHOS AND LOGOS IS ZILCH , CROOKS DO HEGLIAN DIALECTIC.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html





A WARNING :

NOTHING WORKS UNLESS THE “TIMING” IS PERFECT !

Maggi is NOT gonna sing the praises of their instant noodles for a while.





DO NOT OFFER ANYBODY A CHICKEN BIRIYANI AFTER HE HAS JUST FED HIS FACE WITH TWO MUTTON BIRIYANIS.

Very few people know how to use time to their advantage.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/time-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html





Humans are emotional creatures as well as thinking ones.

"The heart has hajaar reasons that the mind knows not of."   


Sometimes, when all the speakers reputation fails, his arguments fall short, and all his words echo like empty vessels , he must make the audience feel.


Pathos appeals to the audience's sense of emotions, values, imagination, beliefs, empathy, pity, pain etc ,

Pathos covers all sorts of emotions: jokes to make an audience laugh, scorn to make them mock a stupidity, anger at an injustice to enrage , sorrow to make them feel regret, enigmas/ paradoxes to arouse curiosity, and soothing words to relax readers or provide comfort 




Pathos works best with techniques like narration, description, juxtaposition, and artful repetition.  ( Brutus is a honorable man )

Pathos can put hooks on to your nostrils and drag you to Chinatown.

Pathos can trigger  powerful conclusions that wrap up an argument.



Pathos ensures that readers are interested and involved in the argument; it appeals to the human love of storytelling and detail.

The secret is not to tell the reader what to feel, but to meander your rhetoric in such a deliberate way as to conjure that emotion.  Telling the reader, "You should be angry about so and so ” is never as effective as providing a detailed example that would make any feeling human upset.



If your pathos delivery fails with an intelligent audience god save you.

HAMAARA DESH MEIN AAJ GANDHI  NAHI  HAI
HAMAARA DESH MEIN AAJ NEHRU  NAHI  HAI 

AAJ KAL HAMAARA TABIYAT BHI
COUGH COUGH
KUCH KHARAAB HAI
COUGH COUGH




Pathos must aim to infuse spirit . It must be used ethically, rather than painting falthu emotion over weak arguments too frail to stand up on the merits of their reason alone. 




Pathos must emanate from the depths of the soul, not from the five superficial senses. Pathos must go way beyond commonplace pity or sympathy; it must transcend to humanity level-  rather it must resonate .


Empathy is the faculty to resonate with the feelings of others.

The master of Pathos can cause his audience to leave the meeting with the resonance of what they have felt and what they thought in reaction to that. 

He can ignite minds elpronto like a forest fire--





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/when-crowd-tuns-into-mob-capt-ajit.html

- or he can germinate a thought in a mind , the slow way he wants it to - where a speck of sand can become a pearl over time.



Pathos can be misused.
Mother Teresa generated maximum pathos in recent times.

The wise ones have seen through her hollow pathos.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/diabolical-ministering-angel-mother.html




Not all munificent acts have pure intentions.  

If we help others with ulterior motives, that is not an act of kindness at all but selfishness with malicious intent.  . There is a great difference between the noble intention to help and doing the act of benevolence with selfish motive.

The intention in human pathos is indeed immaculate - it is the genesis of moral consciousness. It is not just a mere feeling of  pity;  it is a beautiful and profound sensation that springs from an incomplete being whose completion is to soak in the joys and sorrows of other beings.  

Human pathos is authentic and rationally felt by any human through a compassionate encounter with other human without ulterior motive.

The shared sensation,, in human pathos is the very essence of our humanity; it reconciles our being with other beings toward a shared hope and vision .  



A pedophile give a small child a lollipop to suck on before he forces/ cons the innocent child to suck on something else. 

A saint who gives shelter to a vulnerable man with ulterior motive is worse that this pedophile.

One does not have to be religious, cultured,  educated or a "saint" to be capable of human pathos or compassion.


Getting back-
Emotion, or "pathos," is a rhetorical device that can be used in an argument to draw the audience in and to help it connect with the argument. 


As Aristotle wrote , pathos works in conjunction with logos (logic) and ethos (credibility) to help form a solid argument..  Used correctly with proper timing , pathos can make a bland argument come alive for the audience. 

Pathos offers a way for the audience to relate to the subject through commonly held emotions. 

If pathos is used in a brained manner , it will only serve to muddy the argumentative waters-  like a certain demented orangutan on primetime TV.

And by experiencing this emotion, the reader begins to develop his or her own emotional response: sympathy, horror, and anger. The student has helped the reader connect to his argument through the effective use of pathos.

Pathos must evoke an emotional response from a reader/ audience by appealing to empathy, fear, humor, or some other human emotion.


When a writer employs a narrative or anecdote, he or she is usually attempting to connect with the reader emotionally. Pathos humanizes the problem and draws on readers' empathy. 

Songs ( even music ) and pictures produce emotional responses.




An appeal to pathos must cause the audience to respond imagine emotionally and identify with the writer's point of view--to feel what the writer feels.  In this sense, pathos evokes a meaning implicit in the verb 'to suffer'--to feel pain imaginatively.... through narrative or story, which can turn the abstractions of logic into something palpable and present. 

The values, beliefs, and understandings of the writer are implicit in the story and conveyed imaginatively to the reader.

Pathos forces the audience to decision or action.

NO POINT IN WINKING AT A GIRL IN THE  DARK


Masters of pathos know that this is the strongest of all appeals—harnessing the power of emotion to sway the mind.

On my ship when I told my crew to jump, they asked only "how high"-    never "why", or "what for"- but that was ethos.


While using pathos , even a dimwit knows that the audience loves to be flattered rather than be insulted.   

But if your LOGOS is super strong , you can insult the audience ( tell them to fuck themselves ) and get more readership -  such is the paradox of LOGOS.


The question to ask is -  does  the audience gain from being insulted and shat on their collective 
faces hour after hour.

Such is the power of “truth exhuming” which this blog site does.



Generally, appeals to our sense of identity and self interest exploit common biases;  we naturally bend in the direction of what is advantageous to us, what serves our interests or the interests of any group we believe ourselves a part of..

BR Ambedkar saw everything through the DALIT prism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/cnn-ibn-poll-greatest-indian-since.html





In the “Rhetoric”, Aristotle advises writers at length how to create anger toward some ideal circumstance and how also to create a sense of calm in readers.  He also explains principles of friendship and enmity as shared pleasure and pain.  



He discusses how to create in readers a sense of fear and shame and shamelessness and kindness and unkindness and pity and indignation and envy and indignation and emulation. 





It is very easy to create a sense of indignation if you know the basics of human psychology.



Below: In Kerala the Commie Mallus have discarded Lenin and Marx ( knowing that they are Rothschild's Jews )-- and have now jumped into the Che Guevara bandwagon - unlike the Bongs.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html





Below: And how fast should our army ghumao the fuckin' charkha when the Chinese invade India ,  and how much lobe nay love should we give them ?  

Fellow Gujju Narendra Modi spAke : Gandhiji ne charkha ghumaake humko aazadi dilwaaya !

that was mE indignation


Indian main stream media and TV anchors have been trying to create waves with Lalitgate for 3 weeks.

All of these pea brained presstitutes and their prime time perception molders have–

SHIT FOR ETHOS

SHIT FOR LOGOS

and

SHIT FOR PATHOS .


TEEEEEE  HEEEEE !!!





The persuasive appeal of pathos is an appeal to an audience's sense of identity, their self-interest, their emotions.  When a speaker  wants a listener to evaluate something negatively, he may try to arouse the listener's s anger.


In the Rhetoric, Aristotle advises writers at length how to create anger toward some ideal circumstance and how also to create a sense of calm in readers. He also explains principles of friendship and enmity as shared pleasure and pain. 

He discusses how to create in readers a sense of fear and shame and shamelessness and kindness and unkindness and pity and indignation and envy and indignation and emulation. 

Then he starts all over and shows how to create such feelings toward ideas in various types of human character' of "people" of virtue and vice; those of youth, prime of life, and old age; and those of good fortune and those of bad fortune."



Martin Luther King Jr made a CHOOT out of his fellow blacks with PATHOS.

"I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells. And some of you have come from areas where your quest -- quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive. Go back to Mississippi, go back to Alabama, go back to South Carolina, go back to Georgia, go back to Louisiana, go back to the slums and ghettos of our northern cities, knowing that somehow this situation can and will be changed."

(I Have a Dream by Martin Luther King Jr. August 28th, 1963.)





Here is an appeal to Pathos--
"Better men than us have fought and died to preserve this great nation.  Now is our turn to return the favor.   For God and country, gentlemen!"


 Aristotle says that if we want to make an audience angry we need to know three things: 1) the state of mind of angry people, 2) who the people are that this audience usually gets angry at, and 3) on what grounds this audience gets angry at those people. 




The aim of pathos is to reduce the audience’s ability to judge- and before this the speaker must arouse the interest of the audience.

Pathos can play on fear
Pathos can play on worry
Pathos can play on sadness
Pathos can play on nostalgia
Pathos can play on a sense of adventure
Pathos can play on desires
Pathos can play on horror
Pathos can play on disgust
Pathos can play on affection
Pathos can play on humor
etc
Pathos is a Greek word meaning 'suffering' or 'experience,' s, utilizing story, sensory-based details and vivid language. Pathos appeals bring human experience into the argument.



While logos may touch the mind, pathos touches the heart.  Ethos touches the spirit.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/virtual-teaming-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



Emotions start and finish arguments. Emotions drive actions. Emotions spark wars and conflict.. Emotional hungers drive us to satisfy our needs and wants. 




Emotions are the essence of how we feel about ourselves and our lives. Emotions often tip us to act one way or another.





Emotional appeals, expressive language, telling stories, description, are all powerful tools in helping others experience what you or someone else has experienced.   Descriptive, graphic narrative can effectively be used to persuade an audience to your point of view.  



However, pathos without reason can lead a reader to think with his heart and not his head.





People just love to hear a good story and cannot resist getting carried away by it. It is in precisely this moment that you have the possibility to introduce a suggestion in your speech as, being enthralled by the story line, rational defenses are more easily bypassed.




People can sometimes be convinced by arguments that tug on their heart strings.




 Pathos is usually rendered in the form of a narrative or personal anecdote to bring gravity to a situation or make the audience relate to the argument in a personal way.





The Rhetoric was developed by Aristotle during two periods when he was in Athens, the first, from 367 to 347 BC (when he was seconded to Plato in the Academy), and the second, from 335 to 322 BC (when he was running his own school, the Lyceum)



The Rhetoric consists of three books. Book I offers a general overview, presenting the purposes of rhetoric and a working definition; it also offers a detailed discussion of the major contexts and types of rhetoric. 

Book II discusses in detail the three means of persuasion that an orator must rely on: those grounded in credibility (ethos), in the emotions and psychology of the audience (pathos), and in patterns of reasoning (logos). 

Book III introduces the elements of style (word choice, metaphor, and sentence structure) and arrangement (organization). Some attention is paid to delivery, but generally the reader is referred to the Poetics for more information in that area.[19]

Many chapters in Book I of Aristotle's Rhetoric cover the various typical deliberative arguments in Athenian culture.

Chapter One
Aristotle first defines rhetoric as the counterpart (antistrophos) of dialectic (Bk. 1:1:1-2). He explains the similarities between the two but fails to comment on the differences. Here he introduces the term enthymeme (Bk. 1:1:3).

Chapter Two
Aristotle's famous definition of rhetoric is viewed as the ability in any particular case to see the available means of persuasion. He defines pisteis as atechnic (inartistic) and entechnic (artistic). Of the pisteis provided through speech there are three parts: ethos, pathos, and logos. He introduces paradigms and syllogisms as means of persuasion.

Chapter Three
Introduces the three genres of rhetoric: deliberative, forensic, and epideictic rhetoric. Here he also touches on the “ends" the orators of each of these genres hope to reach with their persuasions – which are discussed in further detail in later chapters (Bk. 1:3:5-7). Aristotle introduces these three genres by saying, "The kinds of rhetoric are three in number, corresponding to the three kinds of hearers." [20][21]

Chapter Four
Aristotle discusses the types of political topics of deliberative rhetoric. The five most common are finance, war and peace, national defense, imports and exports, and the framing of laws.

Chapter Five
Aristotle discusses the different ethical topics of deliberative rhetoric. Aristotle identifies the goal of human action with “happiness" and describes the many factors contributing to it (Bk. 1:5:5-18).

Chapter Six
This is a continuation of Chapter Five, explaining in greater detail the stoikhea (elements) of the “good" described in the previous chapter.

Chapter Seven
Introduces the term koinon[disambiguation needed] of degree. Discusses the 'ends' of deliberative rhetoric in relation to the greater good or more advantageous.

Chapter Eight
Aristotle defines and discusses the four forms of politeia (constitution) useful in deliberative rhetoric: democracy, oligarchy, aristocracy, and monarchy.



Chapter Nine
This chapter discusses the virtues and concepts of to kalon (the honorable) included in epideictic rhetoric. Aristotle describes what makes certain topics appropriate or worthy for praise or blame. He also states that it is important to highlight certain traits of the subject of praise.

Chapter Ten
Discusses what syllogisms should be derived from kategoria (accusations) and apologia (defenses) for judicial rhetoric. Also introduces the wrongdoing, which is useful for judicial rhetoric.

Chapter Eleven
This chapter discusses the many different types of hedone (pleasure) useful for judicial rhetoric. Aristotle states these as the reasons for people doing wrong.

Chapter Twelve
This chapter, also about judicial rhetoric, discusses people's dispositions of mind and whom people wrong from the hedone discussed in the previous chapter. Aristotle emphasizes the importance of willingness, or intentions, of wrongdoings.

Chapter Thirteen
Aristotle classifies all acts that are just and unjust defined in judicial rhetoric. He also distinguishes what kinds of actions are fair and unfair with being just.

Chapter Fourteen
This chapter parallels the koinon described in Chapter Seven. Aristotle is clarifying the magnitude in relation to questions of “wrongdoing" meant for judicial rhetoric.

Chapter Fifteen
Aristotle summarises the arguments available to a speaker in dealing with evidence that supports or weakens a case. These atechnic pisteis contain laws, witnesses, contracts, tortures, and oaths.
Overview of Book II[edit]

Book II of Aristotle’s Rhetoric generally concentrates on ethos and pathos, and as noted by Aristotle, both affect judgment. Specifically, Aristotle refers to the effect of ethos and pathos on an audience since a speaker needs to exhibit these modes of persuasion before that audience.

Chapter 1: Introduction

In Chapter 1, Aristotle notes that emotions cause men to change their opinion in regard to their judgments. As such, emotions have specific causes and effects (Book 2.1.2-3). Thus, a speaker can employ his understanding as a stimulus for the sought emotion from an audience. However, Aristotle states that along with pathos, the speaker must also exhibit ethos, which for Aristotle encompasses wisdom (phronesis), virtue (arete), and good will (eunoia) (Book 2.1.5-9).

Chapters 2-11: Efficacious Emotions for Speakers in All Genres of Rhetoric

Chapters 2-11 explore those emotions useful to a rhetorical speaker. Aristotle provides an account on how to arouse these emotions in an audience so that a speaker might be able to produce the desired action successfully (Book 2.2.27). 

Aristotle arranges the discussion of the emotions in opposing pairs, such as anger and calmness or friendliness and enmity. For each emotion, Aristotle discusses the person’s state of mind, against whom one directs the emotion, and for what reasons (Book 2.1.9). It is pertinent to understand all the components in order to stimulate a certain emotion within another person. 

For example, to Aristotle, anger results from the feeling of belittlement (Book 2.2.3-4). Those who become angry are in a state of distress due to a foiling of their desires (Book 2.2.9). The angry direct their emotion towards those who insult the latter or that which the latter values. These insults are the reasoning behind the anger (Book 2.2.12-27). 

In this way, Aristotle proceeds to define each emotion, assess the state of mind for those experiencing the emotion, determine to whom people direct the emotion, and reveal their reasoning behind the emotion. The significance of Aristotle’s analysis stems from his idea that emotions have logical grounding and material sources.

Chapters 12-17: Ethos: Adapting the Character of the Speech to the Character of the Audience

Book III of Aristotle’s Rhetoric is often overshadowed by the first two books. While Books I and II are more systematic and address ethos, logos, and pathos, Book III is often considered a conglomeration of Greek stylistic devices on rhetoric. However, Book III contains informative material on lexis (style) which refers to the “way of saying" (in Chapters 1-12) and taxis, which refers to the arrangement of words (in Chapters 13-19).



Chapters 1–12: Style (lexis)
Chapter 1
Summarizes Aristotle's Book I and Book II and introduces the term hypokrisis (pronuntiatio). Aristotle argues that voice should be used to most accurately represent the given situation as exemplified by poets (Bk. 3 1:3-4).

Chapter 2
Highlights arête, which is defined as virtue or excellence. When applied to rhetoric, arête means natural rather than forced or artificial (Bk. 3 2:1-4). Metaphors are also addressed as a skill that cannot be taught and should bestow “verbal beauty" (Bk. 3 2:6-13).

Chapter 3
Deals with "frigid" language. This occurs when one uses elaborate double words, archaic, and rare words, added descriptive words or phrases, and inappropriate metaphors (Bk. 3 3:1-4).

Chapter 4
Discusses another figurative part of speech, the simile (also known as an eikon). Similes are only occasionally useful in speech due to their poetic nature and similarity to metaphor.

Chapter 5
Addresses how to speak properly by using connectives, calling things by their specific name, avoiding terms with ambiguous meanings, observing the gender of nouns, and correctly using singular and plural words (Bk. 3 5:1-6).

Chapter 6
Gives practical advice on how to amplify language by using Onkos (expansiveness) and syntomia (conciseness). Not using the term circle, but giving its definition, would exemplify onkos, and using the word as the definition would exemplify syntomia (Bk.3 5:1-3).

Chapter 7
Aristotle expands on the use of appropriate style in addressing the subject. "Lexis will be appropriate if it expresses emotion and character and is proportional to the subject matter". Aristotle stresses emotion, credibility, genus (like age), and moral state as important considerations (Bk. 3 7:1-6).



Chapter 8
Rhythm should be incorporated into prose to make it well "rhythmed" but not to the extent of a poem (Bk.3 8:3-7).

Chapter 9
Looks at periodic style and how it should be seen as a rhythmical unit and used to complete a thought to help understand meaning (Bk.3 9:3-4).

Chapter 10
Aristotle further highlights the metaphor and addresses how it brings about learning and enables visualization (Bk. 3 10:1-6).

Chapter 11
Explains why devices of style can defamiliarize language. Aristotle warns that it is inappropriate to speak in hyperbole (Bk. 3 11:15).

Chapter 12
The three genres of oral and written language are deliberative, judicial, and epideictic, all of which are written by logographoi (speech writers) who are each skilled at different types of speeches. This transitions into the next section of chapters on taxis.



Chapters 13–19: Taxis
Chapter 13
Covers the necessary parts of a speech which include the prosthesis (which is the statement of the proposition) and then the pistis (which is the proof of the statement), along with the prooemium (introduction) and epilogue (Bk.3 13:1-4).

Chapter 14
Discusses the prooemiun (introduction), which demonstrates how the introduction should be used in both epideictic and judicial speeches. Both have the main goal of signaling the end of the speech (Bk. 3 14:1-11).

Chapter 15
Handles prejudicial attacks according to Aristotle which later on became part of Stasis (argumentation theory) which is "determining the question at issue in a trial".



Chapter 16
Diēgēsis or narration is discussed and demonstrates how one must work through an argument by using logos. Narration differs in epideictic, judicial, and deliberative narratives.

Chapter 17
Looks at the pistis or the proof in an oration, and how it varies in each type of speech.

Chapter 18
Erotēsis, also known as interrogation referred to asking and demanding responses in trials during Aristotle's time. It is seen as, "most opportune when an opponent has said one thing and when if the right question is asked, an absurdity results" (Bk. 3 19:1).



Chapter 19
Aristotle's final chapter in Book III discusses epilogues, which are the conclusion of speeches and must include four things: "disposing the hearer favorably toward the speaker and unfavorably to the opponent, amplifying and minimizing, moving the hearer into emotional reactions, and giving reminder of the speech's main points" (Bk. 3 19:1-4).








Reputations can come down like a house of cards long after you are dead and gone.

Rothschild built a reputation for all his stooges before he unleashed them on the unsuspecting masses.  
This blogsite has already dragged a lot of them by their nostrils all the way to China Town.




So you have now heard of ethos/ pathos / logos and proper timing.

Aristotle was NOT smart enough to understand team DYNAMICS - the way of the GURUKUL.

At sea we had ordinary people achieving extraordinary things  .

CHECK OUT FOR YOURSELF IF YOU LIKE THE ARISTOTLE WAY OR THE CAPTAINs  WAY. 

YOU WILL NOTICE  THAT ARISTOTLE IS STUDYING IN THE NURSERY SECTION OF THE SCHOOL , WHERE THE CAPTAIN IS THE PRINCIPAL


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/team-work-team-dynamics-capt-ajit.html



SO SOME SKEPTICS CRIED WHAAAA ?

HERE IS ONE IN THEIR COLLECTIVE  EYE   -  

EACH OF THE YELLOW COLORED RITD LINES IN THE POST ABOVE MERITS A POTENT 30 PAGE ESSAY.

Well well, what do the CHOOT management school pundits know ?  




IIM - what a joke !!    

Wet nappy UKG babies thinking that they are PHDs on leadership tactics ?   

Inventories are managed, humans must be lead by a leader with SPIRIT.






I was once told by all my well wishers NOT to join a company run by a Belgian Jew.  Since at sea I was on a SELF EXPLORATORY mission , I joined this company.

The problem with this company was that the technical bosses were ex-Indian navy slave mentality engine room fitters who worked their way up via a loophole in the back door. .

These petty minded ex-400 rupees per month salary ,Taran Taran type minions, thought small and cut corners to squeeze a cent .  

They could never think of dinner with silverware and waiters in cummerband.  All they could think of were ground nuts and tap water on the street side.




I bloodied the noses and asses of all these minion Indians hour after hour because this Belgian Jew owner was my FAN - literally my shit did NOT smell for him. 

When I left this company they all held a party and got raving drunk.   

BACHCH GAYA SAALA !!

This Jew owner had a SAILOR TODAY magazine having my mushy poem on his huge table by his side.   If any of his pretty chinky assistant girls even moved this magazine by one inch while tidying the table , he would fly into a frothing rage.

Talk about ETHOS ! 




This blogsite asks its readers not to succumb to FAKE ethos/ logos and pathos.  

Do NOT be fooled by FAKE messiahs.  



Spit in the eye of the FAKE “perception moulders” who come on prime time TV swinging their slimy ethos.  


India’s 4th pillar of democracy , THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA is almost fully controlled by BIG BROTHER and is DESH DROHI .



Rothschild used the rhetoric of Friedrich Nietzsche to create FAKE messiahs to bleed Bharatmata..


 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/hinduism-in-bali-turn-of-tide-and-hindu.html








When a couple of churches were vandalized in Delhi just before the assembly elections , retired police/ armed force top brass ( put out to pasture ) USFUL  IDIOTS came on primetime TV, swinging their non- existent ETHOS,  telling the world how unsafe India is for Christians. 
  



As is on cue US President Obama warned India.







These attacks were false flag events to swing the votes away from BJP in Delhi , where a small vote swing can grab victory..  

Saffron flags and idols of Hindu gods were planted at these churches apparently funded and conducted by foreign funded NGOs .


Useful idiots are “Alice in wonderland “ propagandists “ who are used with an ulterior motive by the leaders of the cause.

These CHOOTS are held in contempt by the leaders who use them and they are  unaware of the ultimate agenda driving the ideology to which they have been bribed or arm-twisted to subscribe.  

Some of these useful idiot pricks just crave for the limelight. .







Grace and peace  !




Lyrics :

Ranat Kshudra Ghan Taa Ni Naadaa Bhi Raamam
Chalet Tanda Vod Danda Vat Padma Taalam
Lasat Tundi Laango Pari Vyaala Haaram
Ganaa Dheesha Meeshaana Soonum Tameede

Dhvani Dhvamsa Veenaa Layollaasi Vaktram
Sphurat Chun Da Dandolla Sat Beeja Pooram
Galad Darpa Sou Gandhya Lolaali Maalam
Ganaa Dheesha Meeshaana Soonum Tameede

Prakaashaj Japaa Rakta Ranta Prasoona
Pravaala Prabhaa Taaru Na Jyoti Rekam
Pralam Bodaram Vakratun Daika Dantam
Ganaa Dheesha Meeshaana Soonum Tameede

Vichitra Sphurat Ratna Maalaa Kireetam
Kiree Tolla Sat Chandra Rekhaa Vibhoosham
Vibhoo Shaika Bhoosham Bhava Dhvamsa Hetum
Ganaa Dheesha Meeshaana Soonum Tameede

Udan Chad Bhujaa Vallaree Drushya Mooloh
Chalad Bhroola Taa Vi Bhrama Bhraaja Daksham
Marut Sundaree Chaamaraih Sevya Maanam
Ganaa Dheesha Meeshaana Soonum Tameede

Sphuran Nish Thuraa Lola Pingaakshi Taaram
Krupaa Komalo Daara Leelaa Va Taaram
Kalaa Bindugam Geeyate Yogi Varyaihi
Ganaa Dheesha Meeshaana Soonum Tameede

Yamae Kaa Ksharam Nirmalam Nirvi Kalpam
Gunaa Teeta Maa Nanda Maa Kaara Shoonyam
Param Paara Mom Kaara Maan Maaya Garbham
Vathanthi Prakalpam Puraanam Tameede

Chidaa Nanda Saan Draaya Shaan Taaya Tubhyam
Namo Vishva Kartre Cha Hartre Cha Tubhyam
Namo Ananta Leelaaya Kaivalya Bhaase
Namo Vishva Beeja Prasee Desha Soono

Imam Samsta Vam Praata Rutthaaya Bhaktyaa
Pathed Yastu Martyo Labhet Sarva Kaamaan
Ganesha Prasaa Daena Siddh Yanti Vaacho
Ganeshae Vibhou Durlabham Kim Prasanne


 Sanksrit lyrics:

|| श्रीगणेशभुजङगम् ||

रणत्क्षुद्रघंटानिनादाभिरामं
चलत्ताण्डवोद्दण्डवत्पद्मतालम् |
लसत्तुन्दिलाङगोपरिव्यालहारं
गणाधीशमीशानसूनुं तमीडे ||१||

ध्वनिध्वंसवीणालयोल्लासिवक्त्रं
स्फुरच्छुण्डदण्डोल्लसद्वीजपूरम |
गलद्दर्पसौगन्ध्यलोलालिमालम्
गणाधीशमीशानसूनुं तमीडे ||२||

प्रकाशज्जपारक्तरत्नप्रसून-
प्रवालप्रभातारूणज्योतिरेकम् |
प्रलम्बोदरं वक्रतुण्डैकदन्तं
गणाधीशमीशानसूनुं तमीडे ||३||

विचित्रस्फुरद्रत्नमालाकिरीटं
किरीटोल्लसच्चन्द्ररेखाविभूषम् |
विभूषैकभूषं भवध्वंसहेतुं
गणाधीशमीशानसूनुं तमीडे ||४||

उदञ्चद्भुजावल्लरीदृश्यमूलो-
च्चलध्भ्रूलताविभ्रमभ्राजदक्षम् |
मरुत्सुन्दरीचामरै: सेव्यमानं
गणाधीशमीशानसूनुं तमीडे ||५||

स्फुरन्निष्ठुरालोलपिङ्गाक्षितारं
कृपाकोमलोद्धारलीलावतारम् |
कलाबिन्दुगं गीयते योगिवर्ये-
र्गणाधीशमीशानसूनुं तमीडे ||६||

यमेकाक्षरं निर्मलं निर्विकल्पं
गुणातीतमानन्दमाकारशून्यम् |
परं पारमोंकारमाम्नायगर्भम्
वदन्ति प्रगल्भं पुराणं तमीडे ||७||

चिदानन्दसान्द्राय शान्ताय तुभ्यं
नमो विश्वकर्त्रे च हर्त्रे च तुभ्यम् |
नमोऽनन्तलीलाय कैवल्यभासे
नमो विश्वबीज प्रसीदेशसूनो ||८||

इमं सुस्तवं प्रातरुत्थाय भक्त्या
पठेद्यस्तु मर्त्यो लभेत्सर्वकामान् |
गणेशप्रसादेन सिद्ध्यन्ति वाचो
गणेशे विभौ दुर्लभं किं प्रसन्ने ||९||


I praise the leader of the Gana of Rudra, Who is the son of Ishan (Shiv), Who appears pleasing with the sounds of joyful swinging small bells across His body, Whose lotus-feet is trembling to the dance of Tandav in rebellious ways, and Who has a snake-garland shining over His belly.||1||

I praise the leader of the Gana of Rudra, Who is the son of Ishan (Shiv), Whose face is resplendent hearing the sounds coming out from the strings of veena (music instrument), Who has a resplendent trunk-stem and temple, Who has a shiny flow of juice from the trunk-temple, and Who has a trickling garland of fragrant flowers with bumble-bees hovering around.||2||

I praise the leader of the Gana of Rudra, Who is the son of Ishan (Shiv), Who is shining like the blood-red inner new shoots of the china rose (a.dahula) owing to the morning red light, Who has a large (long) belly, Who has a round belly, and Who has one-elephant tusk.||3||

I praise the leader of the Gana of Rudra, Who is the son of Ishan (Shiv), Who is adorned by colorful shining garland of diamonds and jewels, Who is adorned at the forehead by streaks of diamond-like moon, Who is like the ornament of those without ornaments, and Who is for the destruction of the world (at the end of Kalpa).||4||

I praise the leader of the Gana of Rudra, Who is the son of Ishan (Shiv), Who has elevating creeper like hand, which is worth a sight, Whose forehead is moving to and fro and shining, and Who is served by the fan of shining beauty.||5||

I praise the leader of the Gana of Rudra, Who is the son of Ishan (Shiv), Who has a shining and rough tongue, Who has yellowish corner (pupil) of the eyes, Who takes an incarnation for mercy, comfort and benevolence, and Who is attained by the Yogi who sing His praises.||6||

I praise that Ganesha, Who is the beginning of the universe, Who is pure, Who is free from differences, Who is beyond the qualities, Who is pure bliss, Who is formless, Who is beyond everything, Who is OMkar, Who is the creator of illusions, and Whom eminent Purana sing.||7||

Salutations for Ganesha, Who agglutinates happiness and bliss, Who is peaceful, Who creates and destroys the world, Who has immeasurable sportivity (leela), Who is only light or enlightenment. O Ganesh, Who is the root of the world, Who is the son of Shiv! Accept my salutes and be happy on me.||8||

Those who study this eulogy, having woken up in the morning, with devotion achieve all the desires in the mundane existence. They also attain Vaak-Siddhi (a power in which spoken wishes get fulfilled). When Ganesh is happy, then what can be difficult? (Nothing).||9||
******************************************************************************
OORT CLOUD, HINDU YUGAS AND THE BREATH OF BRAHMA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Aiswarya r
July 11, 2015 at 11:53 AM
Capt,

Is this true? Shastri was poisoned? For what?

http://www.thevoiceofnation.com/politics/poisoned-tashkent-russian-butler-paid-agent-eliminate-indian-prime-minister-lal-bahadur-shastri/

Also see this video on Copper when a magnet falls through it.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=44&v=keMpUaoA3Tg

What is the significance of copper in ancient india?

Also please tell the significance of oort cloud .

Thank you.
 ####################################


Hi ar,

Precession of planet earth is calculated to be  25,765 years, which is the time taken by the sun to 'precess' i.e. move backwards, through the 12 zodiac constellations.



This 25765 years in NOT uniform over time, for as of now the precession rate is increasing and the time duration is decreasing .


As per the 7000 year old Vedas , the precession mean is 24000 years which is one yuga cycle.



Let me quote Lord Krishna in the 6000 year old Bhagawad Gita.

“Those who understand the cosmic laws know that the Day of Brahma ends after a thousand yugas and the Night of Brahma ends after a thousand yugas.  When the day of Brahma dawns, forms are brought forth from the Unmanifest; when the night of Brahma comes, these forms merge in the Formless again. This multitude of beings is created and destroyed again and again in the succeeding days and nights of Brahma.”

This means that a  'Day of Brahma' lasts for 12,000 multiplied by 1000 or 12 million years, which is followed by a 'Night of Brahma' of equal duration. 

In Sanatana Dharma we call it inhalation and exhalation of Brahma.   



Brahma/ Vishnu/ Shiva are amazing cosmic allegories.  



Shiva is NOT a mortal as written by Zionist darlings like Amish Tripati.  

In Kerala before the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC we called Lord Shiva as Lord Muthappan.
  
When Brahma inhales ( night of brahma ) all life forms on the planet earth are extinguished ( cosmic dissolution ) after 12 million years.  

The Oort cloud bubble ( aura ) implodes  in every solar system in the vast galaxy decimating all life-- there are more than 95 billion solar systems in our own galaxy 




- mind you, there are more than 100 billion galaxies ..




At the end of the 'Night of Brahma',  Brahma exhales ( cosmic creation ) and new life forms are created by the  morphogenetic  consciousness field.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/nasadiya-sukta-rig-veda-5000-bc.html



The Vedas have recorded 7000 years ago that the macrocosm is similar to the microcosm.



This means the time period between two successive 'cosmic dissolution' events is 24 million years ( averaged ) , which is comparable to 24 hours in a day.

The west  has blindly copied from the Vedas after repackaging it- an example is Albert Einstein.  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html

Same way the FAKE Zionist darling Indian Gurus (who peek into my blogs daily) , will now repackage this post and claim it for themselves.

Creation and dissolution is properly documented as per fossil records—NOT on land  - but underneath the deep ocean floor.   The western scientists who dig under the ground are dimwits.



Current paleontological evidence reveals that every 26 million years there is a mass extinction of species on the earth—actually the number should be averaged to 24 million .  



Paleontologists who have lifted from the Vedas have written that mass extinctions occur in a regular cycle.   Dinosaurs got extinct 3 dissolutions before.

 The Vishnu Purana recorded 7000 years ago that we are now at the middle of the first day of the 51st year of Brahma.   Since a Day of Brahma lasts for 12 million years, this shows that plant earth is now approx 6 million years since the beginning of the current cycle of creation ( exhalation )

Vishnu Purana, reveals the previous destruction events should have taken place as per the following timelines: 18 million years ago, 42 million years ago and 66 million years ago.  



66 million years is the date of extinction of the dinosaurs as per modern scientists. All these western morons just copied from our ancient Vedas .

“-  a fire from the mouth of the underground serpent will burn the lower worlds, then the surface of the earth, and will set the atmosphere ablaze. This mass of fire will burn with a great noise. Surrounded by these circles of fire, all animate and inanimate objects will be destroyed.”. The stars will come adrift from the sky and the giant sun will set the entire earth on fire; the universe will become an immense furnace. All living things, all plant life, will be blotted out.'- Mahabharata 4000 BC

The Vishnu Purana tells us that at the end of a 'Day of Brahma' the physical universe is destroyed and is dissolved into the waters of the Primordial Ocean .

Our ancient temples have the image of Vishnu avatar ( Krishna ) as a young baby floating on a leaf down the river, sucking on the big toe . 



When you have a big bang which created the cosmos, you need to have a black hole singularity too. 

This is commonsense which Albert Einstein and party ignored despite being very proficient with Indian Vedas. 

The Bindu of the Sri yantra represents singularity. 



The cosmos expands and contracts at regular cycles as explained by Sri Krishna in the Bhagawat Gita.


As per the Vedas the sole witness to the last cosmic deluge is Maharishi Markandeya.

It was stated by the Lord in the Vedas: “Oh, Human! This village of yours is balanced on the banyan leaf and your lifespan is just a like a drop of water running down that leaf, which may fall any minute.”

Suddenly, amongst all the confusion, Markandeya noticed a banyan leaf floating on the ocean, tossed by the waves. On this unlikely raft lay a beautiful and adorable child, suckling his right toe, unperturbed by the calamity that had befallen the world. It was Krishna as Vishnu, the newborn cosmic child.

The infant's heavenly smile negated the brutality of the pralaya (cosmic deluge).   His compassionate glance reassured Markandeya that life would go on, convincing him that the world never ends, but only changes.

When Markandeya went close to this baby, he was sucked in with the air, when the baby took a breath.

Inside, he saw hundreds of thousand of universes and all that had been consumed by the deluge - the skies, the seas, the earth, gods, demons, humans, animals and plants.

So much so, that he even had a glimpse of his own Ashram on the banks of the Subhadra River. He saw himself sitting in meditation. 

Markandeya thus realized that the child was none other than the cosmic god who had withdrawn the world into himself.  In that vast sea he again saw the banyan tree growing on the tiny island and the infant boy lying within the leaf. 



The child ( Vishnu ) glanced at him from the corner of His eyes with a smile imbued with the nectar of love, and Markandeya took Him into his heart through his eyes. Greatly agitated, the sage ran to embrace the transcendental Personality of Godhead.
  
At that moment the Supreme Personality of Godhead, who is the original master of all mysticism and who is hidden within everyone's heart, became invisible to the sage, just as the achievements of an incompetent person can suddenly vanish.

After the Lord disappeared, O brahmana, the banyan tree, the great water and the dissolution of the universe all vanished as well, and in an instant Markandeya found himself back in his own hermitage, just as before.  

Here Lord Vishnu  turned himself into a child ( read as DNA from cosmos ) as small as that could fit on a tiny leaf of a banyan tree, floating in the Aakasha , until he himself decides to recreate everything back out from himself.

YOU WILL REALISE THIS "DNA FROM COSMOS" CONCEPT IS VERY DIFEFRENT FROM THE LIFTED NOAH'S ARC , "MALE AND FEMALE ANIMAL" CONCEPT IN THE BIBLE.

The black hole or singularity ( gravitational ) , the point at which the space time curvature becomes infinite , is represented by Bindu on the Sri Yantra --the divine geometric representation of this cyclic big-crunch and the big- bang.. 

Singularity existed before the big-bang. 



ahaḿ sarvasya prabhavo
mattaḥ sarvaḿ pravartate

I am the origin of everything
Everything comes from me

Varahamihira the great Astrologer and astronomer from wrote 4600 years ago,  in the opening of his Samhita, “ It has been said in Vedas that the first primeval thing was darkness, which is not identical with the black colour, but a kind of non-existence like the state of a sleeping person"  

The big bang is merely a prelude to the big crunch, and the universe is caught in an infinite cycle of expansion and contraction .   As a matter of principle, everything in the universe tends to get restored to its original source.

As per the  Laws of Manu inform us that that the Yuga Cycle is of 12,000 years duration, and is comprised of four Yugas or World Ages – Krita or Satya, Treta, Dwapara and Kali.  

As humanity moves from the Krita Yuga to the Kali Yuga, the level of virtue and human capabilities, both physical and mental,  gradually decrease, and reaches its nadir in the Kali Yuga, the dark age .

24000 multiplied by 360 gives a value of  4,320,000 years to follow the golden spiral of time. 






Cosmic mechanism is in reality is a GOLDEN spiral, never a stagnant circle



SO WHAT IS THIS 1.618 GOLDEN MEAN SPIRAL ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/flight-of-vedic-vimana-capt-ajit.html




A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years ( instead of 4,320,000 ).

Precession of the earth is approx. 50.26 seconds every year.. .( 1 degree is 60 minutes and 1 minute is 60 seconds )



As per our Puranas, the stalk of the lotus flower emerges from the navel of Lord Vishnu . 



It is just NOT a simple flower –but an amazing allegory--  the lotus “seed-pod”, which is symbolically equivalent to the golden Mount Meru, the axis-mundi of the universe.

The Qutab Minar is representative of the Meru.   

Mount Meru is the abode of the gods and on top of Meru are present the palaces of Brahma and the protectors of the eight directions.  

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Brahma sits on a lotus which stems out of Vishnu’s nabhi or navel.

The samhita of Manu takes us from a pinnacle of light to the ultimate end-point of the process—the darkness of Kali Yuga.   

The 24 petals of the ancient Hindu monument Qutab Minar  is representative of the 24,000-year period of the Vedic Yuga cycle. 



24 petal rashi chakra depicts the zodiac . 


It is a belt of the heavens limited by  lines about 8 degrees on either side of the ecliptic or the path of  the Sun.    


In Hinduism we have 12 signs (‘Rashis’), each 30°, of the zodiac  and 27 constellations,  each of 13°.20’ (thirteen degrees and twenty  minutes).

The Sun itself orbits around the galactic center at a radius of about 8,500 parsecs and takes over 200 million years to make one full orbit.   

This the adjustment Varaha boar ( Vishnu ) made as the Milankovitch Cycle of 25,765 years that is related to the precession of earth's axis.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/vishnu-avatar-varaha-boar-fixing-planet.html



Manu Samhita says :
chatvaaryahu sahsrani varshanaantu kritam yugam
tasya tavchhati sandhya sandhyanshrshch tathavidhah
itreshu sasandhyeshu sasandhyaansheshu ch trishu
ekapayen vartante sahsrani shatani ch
yadetat parisankhyaatmadadev chaturyugam
aetad dwadash-sahstram devaanaam yugmuchyate
daivikanaam yuggnaantu sahastram prisankhyayaa
braahmaikamahgyeyam taatati raatriraiv ch

Four thousands of years, they say, is the Krita Yuga (Satya Yuga). Its morning twilight has just as many hundredes, and its period of evening dusk is of the same length (i.e., 400+4000+400=4800). In the other three ages, with their morning and evening twilights, the thousands and the hundreds decrease by one (i.e., 300+3000+300=3600; etc.). That fourfold cycle comprising of 12,000 years is called an Age of the Gods. The sum of a thousand divine ages constitutes one day of Brahma; and of the same length is its night.



The ancient seers of the Vedic culture referred to the Galactic Center as Vishnunabhi, or the navel of Vishnu.   Brahma (Ultimate Creator) sits on a lotus,the symbol of divine energy and divine grace. 



The lotus grows from the navel of Vishnu, who is the sleeping god, whose dream is the universe. . . .

Brahma opens his eyes ( EXHALES )and a world comes into being. . . Brahma closes his eyes ( INHALES ) , and a world goes out of being. 

Lord Vishnu is said to rest in the coils of Ananta, the great serpent of Infinity, while he waits for the universe to recreate itself.    

You cant have a big bang out of nothing—rather it is inhalation and exhalation.  

How the cosmos is created is mentioned in the verses of Nasadiya Sukta. "He falls back upon the earliest and greatest of Revelations, those of the Sacred Books of India with a Cosmogony which no European conception has ever surpassed.  While the West was still thinking, perhaps, of 6,000 years old universe – India was already envisioning ages and eons and galaxies as numerous as the sands of the Ganges. The Universe so vast that modern astronomy slips into its folds without a ripple.” 

In hoary antiquity Manu indicates  a period of 24,000 years — clearly a reference to precession — consists of a series of four yugas or ages, each shorter and spiritually darker than the last. 



Manu is NOT about pouring molten lead into the ears of the Dalits – as Kancha Ilaih squeaks on TV every now and then—  mindlessly repeating what was told in the past by BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar, the stooges of Rothschild..

Maharishi Manu was a very noble soul unable to be a bigot.

Our 4 Hindu yugas are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 . 

In the Kali yuga the cosmic cow stands of one leg. Dharma walks on four feet in Krutha/Satya Yuga, on 3 feet in Tretha Yuga, on two feet in Dwapara Yuga and one foot in Kaliyuga- this is an allegory.

The 25765 years is divided into 4 yugas in a ratio of 4:3:2:1. ( satya/ treta/ dwapara/ kali ) . The sun has this  motion by which it revolves round a grand center called Vishnunabhi, which is the seat of the creative power.

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Vishnunabhi 'descending' yugas.
  
Cosmic mechanism is in reality is a spiral, never a stagnant circle. 

A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years.

The first point of Pisces was the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic  till 21st Dec 2012.  


From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes and markes the end of Kali yuga.   At the end of  Kali Yuga the Kalki avatar kicks in  ( 21st Dec 2012 ) --with a cusp of 30 years 
.
The first point of Pisces is the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic.    0n 2286 BC the zodiac of taurius ( indian rishabham / aldebaran )) is over-- it existed only from 4435 BC to 2286 BC -- the age from 2286 BC is aries, ( indian medam / hamal )) the ram till 137 BC .   From 137 BC to 2012 AD it is the age of pisces( indian eenam ) . From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes.

360 degrees = 360*60 minutes = 360*60*60 seconds of arc = 1296000 seconds of arc.

1296000 seconds of arc/50.26 seconds of arc/year = 25785.91 years. It takes 25785.91 years for 1 full circle – ‘ for Revati to ‘return”

Till 5000 BC when the Rig Veda was written down in Sanskrit , the Vedas were handed down orally by Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and photographic memories..  7000 year ago, the  Maharishis felt that the DNA would be degraded and pineal glands atrophied. 

When they wrote down the verses they put allegories and made subtle changes , so that only the perceptive read it and the vast knowledge cannot be stolen easily.











LORD SHIVA DID NOT ROAM AROUND NAKED THOUGH DEODHAR FOREST WITH AN ERECT PHALLUS,- -  

NOR DID THE WIVES OF THE SAPT RISHIS  FOLLOW HIM EVERYWHERE SHEDDING THEIR CLOTHES -  

NOR WERE THEY SEX CRAZED,  AS PER THE FOUL  PROPAGANDA OF THE WHITE INVADER AND THEIR INDIAN STOOGES.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/saundarya-lahari-by-adi-shankaracharya.html

The sapt rishis are a cosmic allegory , who gave us our amazing GOTRA system , the reason why India has the least amount of homosexuality on this planet by percentage.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/gotra-system-khap-rules-y-chromosome.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/polaris-and-great-bear-capt-ajit.html

Grace and peace !




STOP PRESS:

MY READERS WOULD HAVE SUSPECTED WHY CAPTAIN WAS BUSY.

MY  ELDER SON GOT MARRIED TO A BHARATIYA NAARI , FROM A GOOD TRADITIONAL KERALA FAMILY, - AN ARRANGED MARRIAGE.









Hands of four people are required to secure the marriage – that of the bride , bride groom (my son ) , bride’s father ( a naval architect ), and the temple priest.



The dawn of the big day, a few hours after a huge storm (during the previous night get together ). The whole of Calicut city did NOT have power for 3 days due to fallen trees on power lines .  Our pandal which enclosed the whole bunglow held.





Traditional Kerala wedding music .


This is what the divine nadaswaram music ( mangala vadhyam ) sounds like.








The cook aint nervous during the storm



--  but them waiters under the basket ball board look hajaar nervous--





 Kerala is called god's own country for a reason, right ?





 





Mother and son - she gave good Indian values to our son.


Check out my wife’s red saree.    

This is the type of ULTRA SKILLED family based hand weaving industry Kailash Satyarthi of Zionist sponsored Goodweave fame killed.


In today’s world do you really need to be a doctor or engineer or lawyer to get a good monthly income ?



HOW TIME FLIES , HERE IS MY ELDER SON AS A BABY WITH HIS MOTHER - A REAL AMUL BABY.



The little acorn from the oak, bone and rock hard muscle , strongest in the gym , a computer engineer from Cornell --  he has a better 6 pack physique than Salman Khan.

 


Addendum
My daughter in law has beaten my son in all the tennis matches they have played so far.
My daughter in law has beaten my wife in all the badminton matches they played so far.
My wife sailed with me for 11 years – in every ship we were the table tennis doubles champs.
My wife is no pushover – she can kick high, and god save me,  if she kicks mE ass.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/equator-crossing-ceremony-at-sea-capt.html



My daughter in laws father competes in half marathons at his age.  

Today I can’t run for nuts. 

Below:  Here is the wedding present from my son for his wife - a  JAGUAR 2016 (  380 HP supercharged sports car ) .








ONLY ARRANGED MARRIAGES WORK.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/marriage-sans-fights-capt-ajit.html

Below: My son playing the piano at Cornell during a blizzard.



Chaahe Tum Kuch Na Kaho, Maine Sunn Liya
You don't need to say anything,  my heart has heard

Ke Saathi Pyaar Ka, Mujhe Chunn Liya
That you have chosen me as your partner

Chun Liya, Maine Sunn Liya
You've chosen me-- I've heard it

Pehla Nasha, Pehla Khumaar
The first elation, the first high

Naya Pyaar Hai, Naya Intezaar
This love is new to me, so is this longing

Karloon Main Kya Apna Haal
What will I do to myself

Ae Dil-E-Beqaraar
Oh restless heart

Mere Dil-E-Beqaraar, Tu Hi Bata
My restless heart, can you tell me

Udtaa Hi Phiroon Inn Hawaon Mein Kahin
Shall I roam on the ridges of this wind

Ya Main Jhool Jaon Inn Ghataon Mein Kahin
Or shall I swing among the clouds

Ek Kardoon Aasmaan Aur Zameen
Shall I merge the sky and earth

Kaho Yaaron Kya Karoon, Kya Nahin
Tell me friends, what I should do- and what i shouldn't

Usne Baat Ki Kuch Aise Dhang Se
She spoke to me in such a way

Sapne De Gaya Woh Hazaaron Rang Ke
She gave me dreams in a thousand hues

Reh Jaun Jaise Main Haarke
shall i continue pining this way

Aur Choome Woh Mujhe Pyaar Se
Till she showers me with kisses of love




AT THE TIME OF TYING THE MANGALSUTRA ( THAALI ) , THE NADASWARAM GOES INTO A TERRIFIC CRESCENDO .





The mangalsutra is a PEEPAL LEAF pendant with OM written on it.

The peepal tree is the female version of the banyan tree.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/banyan-tree-and-singularity-capt-ajit.html

What is OM?

The whole world has lifted from OM.  

The Jews call it SHALOM , the Christian call it AMEN, the muslims call it 786 ( printed on every Koran ) which is OM symbol shown in the mirror and read off from right to left, the Sikhs call it OMKAR etc.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/beej-mantra-anuswaram-nasal-sound.html


A married India woman wears sindhoor—first put on her forehead by her husband during marriage.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/sindoor-vermilion-hindu-womans-mark-of.html


Well well, what do they know !  

Hindusim is NOT a single messiah, single holy book (like a Zionist company manual ) , religion.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/we-are-hindus-we-are-indians-we-are.html


 




Dr. Tejaswini PatilJuly 18, 2015 at 12:58 PM
Namaste Ajitji
Your son and daughter in law listened to their parents. So waited for proper horoscope matching and proper marriage.
Parents taught them proper sanskars. Did lots sacrifice with happiness and love for child not just as duty. So children look on them with respect and as aadarsh. Ur two families provided proper care for child and obviously they look very happy and well settled.
But today city wale parents do not take care or teach their children.
There r boarding schools now for 3yr old children. Parents just produce kids and dump them without love. Put careers first. Then these kids r bound to b unhappy dysfunctional adults later.
I wish u would put a post on how to raise children properly.
Unfortunately modern age parents need to b taught to b good parents.

And a question pl answer. Which nostril should women pierce. I think its connected to ida pingala flow?
Warm Regards
Tejaswini
ReplyDelete

Replies









Capt. Ajit VadakayilJuly 18, 2015 at 2:07 PM
hi tp,

Let all Abrahamic religions Christianity, Judaism and Islam note this-

In Genesis 24:22, Abraham secures Rebekah (daughter of Bethuel, the son that Milkah bore to Nahor.) as a wife for his son Isaac – Rebekah was a Hindu and Abraham gave her a nose ring (SHANF ) as a wedding present.

A nose ring is NOT a fashion statement in Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/brahma-and-sarawati-abraham-and-sara.html

In Sanatana Dharma Parvati, Saraswati and Lakshmi are always depicted with Mukkuthi ( nose stud )

In Hinduism a girl’s nose is pierced (at PHANA MARMA where the path of pingala nadi goes up on the way to the Ajna Chakra ).once she is “of marriageable age” and marks her as ready for a husband -- after her FIRST MENSES.

Certain severe gynecological complaints could be cured by cauterizing the appropriate parts of the nose.

Hot temper in a girl and menses problems are an indicator that nose needs piercing in a teenaged girl , and was always done by a Ayurveda doctor who knew the marma.

In South India they pierce the right nostril ( correct MARMA spot to eliminate nagging ) , while in North India they wrongly pierce the left nostril .

This practice of DEVADASIS piercing the opposite left side was caused by the white invader.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

Almost like Kashmiri separatists wearing wrist watch on the right hand.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/yanks-and-pommies-quite-contrary-capt.html

Pingala Nadi is connected to the right nostril ( for right handers )

Pingala nadi is associated with masculine energy- feeling hot, quick temper and easily angered, itching body, dry skin and throat, excessive appetite, excessive sexual energy..

Nose piercing makes the female’s menstrual problems lesser. You know how much old women suffer at the PMS stage.

The nasal passages of women swell, and occasionally bleed, during menstruation.

Nose piercing makes the woman more fertile as per 6000 year old Ayurveda and reduces water retention( Phana Marma ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/chembu-kizhangu-colocasia-and-pms.html

I DARE ANY HYPNOTIST TO MESMERISE A WOMAN WHO WEARS A DIAMOND MUKKUTHI ( NOSE RING )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/awakening-and-raising-kundalini-after.html

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
 



WE TALK ABOUT THE BREATH OF BRAHMA WHICH SNUFFS OUT BILLIONS OF GALAXIES WITH ONE INHALATION AND RE-CREATES THEM IN AN EXHALATION .

BUT HEY, THE ZIONIST WHITE INVADER TRIVIALISED HINDU GODS BRAHMA, VISHNU AND SHIVA— WHO ARE AMAZING COSMIC ALLEGORIES .

CHECK OUT WIKIPEDIA – HOW MAHARISHI BHRIGU CURSED BRAHMA !!

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhrigu

######################

QUOTE:  Many great sages gathered at the bank of river Sarasvati to participate in Maha yagya organized at that time. Maharishi Bhrigu was also present there. All the great saints and sages could not decide that out of the Trinity Lord Vishnu, Brahma and Shiv who is pre-eminent and to whom should they offer Pradhanta (Master) of that yagya. With the consent of all the great saints present there, it was decided that Maharishi Bhrigu will test and decide who was pre-eminent.

Upon being entrusted with the task Maharishi Bhrigu decided to test Lord Brahma first. He went on to see Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka. On reaching Brahmalok Maharishi displayed utter disrespect to Lord Brahma on purpose. Lord Brahma got angry and wanted to punish Maharishi but Maha Saraswati, wife of Lord Brahma saved Maharishi from his anger. Angry with disrespect, Maharishi Bhrigu cursed Lord Brahma that no one will worship Brahma in Kaliyuga. To this day, there are very few temples devoted to Lord Brahma (the notable exception being the Brahma Temple at Pushkar).

Maharishi Bhrigu then decided to visit Lord Shiva at Kailash Parvata. On reaching Kailash Parvat, Nandi stopped him from going inside because at that time, Shiva and Parvathi were sporting fun ( DOING WANTON JIGI JIGI ) .

Bhrigu curses Lord Shiva to be only worshipped in Linga form. (We however have a statue form of lord Shiva in Kashi (Maha Mrityunjaya Temple) said to be over 400 years old.)

Then in order to test Lord Vishnu, Maharishi reached Vaikunth Dhama. He entered the Dhama without Lord Vishnu's permission and saw that the Lord was resting at that time. Maharishi asked him to wake up, but Lord was in deep sleep. On seeing no reaction from Lord, Maharishi hit Lord Vishnu on his chest (that strike by Maharishi Bhrigu left a foot print on Lord's chest and that foot print is known as "Shri Vatsa").

Lord Vishnu got up after the strike and realized what had happened. On realizing that Maharishi had hit him with his foot, Lord asked him, “Maharishi, are you hurt in your foot? My chest is strong but your foot is not so strong". Seeing the decorum of Lord Vishnu, Bhrigu was pleased and declared him superior amongst the Trideva.

According to Hindu theology, goddess of prosperity and wife of Lord Vishnu, Maha Laxmi also witnessed the whole incident, as she was also present in the Dhama at that time.  She could not tolerate disrespect displayed by Maharishi Bhrigu towards Lord Vishnu and cursed him that henceforth she would never visit Brahmins and they will all live in absence of wealth.

On hearing this curse from Maha Laxmi, Maharishi told her about the true nature of his visit. Maha Laxmi then told Maharishi, that her curse would still haunt Brahmins but whenever any Brahmin would worship Lord Vishnu, he would be liberated from the curse.[13][14]

After this incident Maharishi Bhrigu decided to write his famous book of astrology, the Bhrigu Samhita, to help Brahmins earn their living.( THANK GOD FOR TENDER MERCIES !)
:UNQUOTE
##################

TEEE HEEEEEEEEEEE !

ABOVE STORY IS RECREATED IN MOST LITERARY FESTS FUNDED BY TROJAN HORSE NGOs.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html
******************************************************************************
ATAPA SNANA , BATHING HOME AND WORKPLACE INTERIORS WITH SUNLIGHT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



All below posts are related to this subject of having a body bath with sunlight daily.   So get familiar , as I may use some terminology assuming you know about it.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/surya-namaskar-enlarging-your-pineal.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/surya-namaskar-11000-year-old-vedic-sun.html




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/understanding-jet-lag-and-managing-it.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/green-flash-at-sunset-and-perception.html




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/body-dysmorphic-disorder-bdd-increasing.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/sleep-paralysis-and-sinister-presence.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html




Capt. Ajit VadakayilJuly 22, 2015 at 11:12 AM

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Journal-says-role-of-vitamin-D-calcium-in-curing-osteoporosis-a-fallacy/articleshow/48167505.cms

EVIL PHARMA HAS TRIED EVERY TRICK IN THE BOOK TO KEEP PEOPLE AWAY FROM SUNLIGHT USING THE SKIN BURN CANCER SCARE. DUE TO THIS WESTERN GIRLS GET EARLY PUBERTY.

NOW THEY WANT TO RUBBISH VITAMIN D AND CALCIUM CONNECTION.

Vitamin D deficiency doubles your risk of cancer - EVIL PHARMA will NOT tell you this.

Ultraviolet-B (UV-B) radiation from sunlight produces our major source of vitamin D .

We are human photocells and without sunlight as a biological nutrient, there is no health.

In Indian culture we chewed paan with a little bit of CHOONA lime and that gave us our daily dose of Calcium-- that is in addition to yoghurt made out of A2 milk of HUMPED vedic cow and green leafy veggies .

Vitamin D plays an important role in protecting your bones and YOUR BODY REQUIRES VITAMIN D TO ABSORB CALCIUM.

When we don’t get enough calcium for our body’s needs, it is taken from our bones causing osteoporosis .

If you don't get enough vitamin D, you may lose bone, have lower bone density, and you're more likely to break bones as you age.

Calcium is a mineral that is necessary for life. In addition to building bones and keeping them healthy, calcium helps our blood clot, nerves send messages and muscles contract . About 99 percent of the calcium in our bodies is in our bones and teeth. 

Each day, we lose calcium through our skin, nails, hair, sweat, urine and feces, but our bodies cannot produce new calcium.

Obesity is associated with Vitamin D deficiency with the human body accumulating fat as Vitamin D levels fall. Obese people tend to need at least twice as much vitamin D as non-obese people in order to maintain optimal vitamin D status.

having enough vitamin D in your body is essential to reducing your risk of every disease that we know of. Every single one, -- mind you.

VITAMIN D AND CALCIUM WORK IN TANDEM -- 6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDA KNOWS THIS.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


There was a controversy recently where school children were told to do SURYA NAMASKAR by the Indian govt.

Religious zealot clerics of Islam and Christianity objected to uttering the Hindu king mantra OM along with the asana .

Let me tell you something, which I have NOT written in my SURYA MAMASKAR post and my post on OM.


Uttering OMMMMM ( drag the MMMM ) in low altitude sunrise facing the sun boosts the production of NITRIC OXIDE , the magic molecule.



Surya Namaskar is NOT a mere physical exercise along with soaking in Vitamin D .

IT RELEASES NITRIC OXIDE AND ALSO GIVES A MASSAGE TO YOUR VAGUS NERVE, DUE TO THE DEEP DIAPHRAGMATIC BELLY BREATHING INVOLVED.



Nitric oxide is a powerful blood pressure lowering compound.  





I will dwell on this MAGIC MOLECULE later.  



But I have given a brief introduction of Nitric oxide  and Vagus nerve in the post below.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/01/yoga-only-complete-exercise.html

Below: Nobel prize for re-inventing the wheel










I wrote my company’s technical manual in a foreign land on request from the MD. 

I laid out my terms –and I do NOT bargain .

Period of 3 months, residence near a park with a walking track for my morning sunrise walk, best window seat in the office .

I got all I wanted.


When you lay out your terms and your company accepts it instantly , it means you have arrived.

While sitting at the huge window seat , someone asked me- “ Captain , taking a Vitamin D bath ?”

I said “ No,  I had that during my morning walk , during which my CLAUSTRUM  decided what I would write that day .  Vitamin D by sunlight’s UV -B is blocked by the glass pane.  This window seat is only for my eyes to go from microscope mode to telescope mode often. 




This company had a financial section where 21 accountants slogged away in front of computer screens .  That office hall did NOT have a single window and the lights were all fluorescent tubes .  

Very bad deal for the employees.   

Mind you, this is a country which is called a FIRST WORLD country.


By working in a modern day centrally air conditioned office  with NO windows , you seriously harm your health.   First of all NO law allows this. 

It is just that vulnerable employees do NOT have the GAAND MEIN TATTI to object.

Office workers with more natural daylight light exposure at the office have been found to have longer sleep duration, proper REM sleep, better sleep quality, more physical activity and better quality of life compared to office workers with less light exposure in the workplace. 

Studies have revealed that workers in offices with windows to have more physical activity than those without windows.


Proper synchronization of the body’s internal biological rhythms with the earth's daily rotation is essential for good health .


Workers in offices without  windows to allow daylight in, have poor quality of life. They have poor vitality and have physical problems . Their REM sleep is affected due to sleep disturbances.




In 6000 year old Mahabharata there is a reference to Arjuna being told to do Surya Namaskar by Lord Krishna to overcome his depression,  sleep problems and general alertness .




Nowadays you find swank hotels trying to fob off a room without a window. There will be a sort of fake window drape hanging on the wall , to make an ass out of you.  

Hotel rooms without windows give you fungal diseases and there is NO daylight to kill the vermin , bacteria and viruses. 


Most diseases, especially chronic respiratory problems are often associated with bacterial and fungal built up in damp areas such as basements and bathrooms.  Natural lighting can naturally lessen the production of harmful organisms and sunlight is considered to be one of the best natural disinfectants.

Hotel rooms or hospital rooms without windows cannot be given to customers as per the law. This space can only be used as a store room .


You just cant have one single window in a huge hall just for the sake of it.  Daylight from side windows almost vanishes after 23 feet from the windows.



Researchers used a device called actigraphy to measure light exposure, activity and sleep.

Actigraphy is a device worn on the wrist that gives measures of light exposure as well as activity and sleep. 

This is an ambulatory physiological data logger that records motion and light illuminance.  The motion was used to determine activity levels during waking time and to calculate sleep time.
The light luminance was used for measures of light exposure during the workday period. 

We all know the discombobulated feeling of being stuck in a windowless room under fluorescent lights during daylight hours. 



Make sure your home gets the early morning rays . A good home has good day light and a good source of drinking water.  It is worth to pay a higher rent or cost for such a home. 

I had several invitations to take up a shore job in Scandinavian and European countries. My stock answer was -

“ Balls I am gonna stay in a place , which is fuckin' cold and dark and screw mE suprachiasmatic nucleus !”


Early morning light ( Suryanamaskar time ) is most important for regulating circadian rhythms.

Exposure to light helps regulate your sleep-wake cycle, or circadian rhythm, and in turn can improve your mood, productivity, alertness and health.

But most indoor lighting is not bright enough to keep the circadian rhythm on track.

The “master clock” that controls circadian rhythms consists of a group of nerve cells in the brain called the suprachiasmatic nucleus, or SCN.    The SCN contains about 20,000 nerve cells and is located in the hypothalamus. 

Destruction of the SCN results in the complete absence of a regular sleep–wake cycle. 

Even in the absence of external time cues, humans maintain a sleep-wake rhythm very close to 24 hours.   The SCN produces a signal that can keep the rest of the body on an approximately 24-hour schedule.    

However, because the internal clock's period is not exactly 24 hours, environmental cues—most importantly, light—are required to reset the clock each morning and keep the organism in sync with the external world.






Light enters the eye and activates neurons in the retina that convert photons (light particles) to electrical signals.  The retinal neurons transmit the electrical signals from the retina via long axons in the optic nerve.  Along the way is the optic chiasm, where the optic nerves from the left and right eye meet and cross.

At the optic chiasm, visual information continues toward the back of the brain, where it is processed into images that we can consciously perceive. The neurons carrying information to the SCN, however, take a different path. They exit the optic chiasm and turn upward, toward the SCN (suprachiasmatic means "above the chiasm").

The SCN is a small, paired, wing-shaped structure in the hypothalamus, located at the base of the brain.  Within each side of the SCN is a network of up to several thousand neurons. Experiments with individual isolated SCN neurons suggest that each SCN cell is a functional clock, normally synchronized with the activity of its neighbors.






Inside a single SCN neuron, the protein product of a biological clock gene turns off production of more protein, forming a negative feedback loop.

These biological clocks have been found in organisms as diverse as fungi, fruit flies, hamsters, and humans.  The biological clock of humans is found deep within the brain.. They are found in most living things, including animals, plants and many tiny microbes. 

The study of circadian rhythms is called chronobiology.   Our biological clocks drive our circadian rhythms.

Circadian rhythms can influence sleep-wake cycles, hormone release, body temperature and other important bodily functions.   They have been linked to various sleep disorders, such as insomnia. 

Abnormal circadian rhythms have also been associated with obesity, diabetes, depression, bipolar disorder and seasonal affective disorder.

Signals from the SCN travel to several brain regions, including the pineal gland, which responds to light-induced signals by switching off production of the hormone melatonin.  The body's level of melatonin normally increases after darkness falls, making people feel drowsy.


The SCN also governs functions that are synchronized with the sleep/wake cycle, including body temperature, hormone secretion, urine production, and changes in blood pressure.


The SCN receives information about incoming light. When there is less light—like at night—the SCN tells the brain to make more melatonin so you get drowsy.

Light is the predominant controller of the body's circadian rhythms. It is detected in the eye by receptors called intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells (ipRGC) which contain the photopigment melanopsin.   


There is a connection called the retinohypothalamic tract that extends from the retina of the eye to the anterior hypothalamus. Within the hypothalamus sits the SCN, the body's central pacemaker (or master clock).


The SCN takes the information on the length of the day and night from the retina, interprets it, and passes it on to the pineal gland.   In response to signals from the SCN, the pineal gland secretes the hormone melatonin.   The secretion of melatonin peaks at night and ebbs during the day which drives our sleep-wake cycle.

  Light also causes your SCN to initiate other processes associated with being awake, such as raising your body temperature and producing hormones, like cortisol.

On the flip side, the lack of light reaching your SCN triggers melatonin production, which helps you sleep -- and this is why sleeping in total darkness is so important

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/pineal-gland-third-eye-capt-ajit.html

######################################################


Prasanth Joseph

July 26, 2015 at 3:44 AM

Hi Captain ,

Thank you for all your amazing posts ... I have been actively following you for the last 3 years and try to recommend your thoughts to all my contacts ,

I have been living in Sweden for the past 7 years , and though I have been doing sun salutations as much as I can in the mornings while simultaneously doing oil pulling , the only problem I face while doing it is the lack of sunlight especially during the cold and dark decembers ! Is there any way to mitigate the lack of sunlight like by taking Vitamin D tablets ? Also is sunlight absolutely necessary while douing the sun salutations ?

Also I was wondering ... My dad has diabetes is there any Indian herb or yogic asanas I can use to prevent it from hapenning to me too ?

Prasanth

####################################

hi pj,

this post on atapa snana is for you and your dad.

wait for completion of this post.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/type-2-diabetes-evolving-epidemic-in.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/hypoglycemia-low-blood-sugar-and-road.html


To know your Vitamin D level, there is a simple blood test called 25(OH)D, or 25-hydroxyvitamin D.

Vitamin D isn’t a vitamin at all. It’s a steroid hormone that influences virtually every cell in your body.

The best way to get vitamin D is to have regular exposure to low altitude sun or a high-quality tanning bed ( for people living inCOLD and DARK sweden etc ) .

You can take vitamin D3 orally -along with some synergistic nutrients.

50 percent of the general population in Scandinavia is at risk of vitamin D deficiency and insufficiency- leading to DECADENCE.. People who do suryanamaskar will never get decadent.

Those with low vitamin D levels were more likely to have type 2 diabetes, pre-diabetes, or metabolic syndrome, regardless of their weight.

Vitamin D is associated more closely with glucose metabolism than obesity…

Vitamin D deficiency and obesity interact synergistically to heighten the risk of diabetes and other metabolic disorders. Vitamin D and calcium supplementation in combination ( choona lime in paan / yoghurt of humped cow A2 milk ) with suryanamskar exercise can prevent pre-diabetes from progressing into full-blown diabetes.

Faulty insulin (and leptin, another hormone) signaling is an underlying cause of insulin resistance, which, leads to type 2 diabetes.

When researchers disrupted the proper signaling of insulin in the brain, it resulted in dementia.3

People with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) are at the threshold of dementia

People with MCI and diabetes were at a greater risk of MCI progressing to dementia. Diabetes is linked to a huge risk of developing Alzheimer's.

There is a great disease knocking on the doors of western nations as the 4 decade incubation period will soon get over - read the post below

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html

Dementia is directly linked to vitamin D.

Vitamin D fights infections, as it regulates the expression of genes that influence your immune system to attack and destroy bacteria and viruses.

The immune cells use vitamin D and that they activate vitamin D. The immune system is primed with vitamin D in order to help fight infections

Vitamin D is very important for reducing hypertension, atherosclerotic heart disease, heart attack, and stroke.

Vitamin D is a potent immune modulator, making it very important for the prevention of autoimmune diseases, like inflammatory bowel disease. As per 6000 year old Ayurveda 85% of diseases originate in the human gut.

Vitamin D may help stimulate the production of hormones including testosterone and progesterone. In addition vitamin D is associated with semen quality in men and may improve menstrual frequency in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Scandinavian country TATTU men shoot blanks. No amount of vacuum effect by their harried women can get them an erection

Suryanamaskar does DNA repair

Sunlight effects every cell in your body . Unlike ancient Indians modern doctors have ignored cellular level medicine.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/dynamics-within-human-cell-what.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/cellular-memory-complete-healing-capt.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/human-cells-conscious-with-intelligent.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/healing-by-increasing-cell-voltage-capt.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dna-nasa-arsenic-and-phosphorous-capt.html


Sun exposure alters the activity of your immune system in a way that reduces inflammation and helps protect against certain inflammatory diseases. Endocrinology is in its infancy. Well, well, what do they know !

Sunscreen lotions use skin-penetrating hormone-disrupting chemicals like oxybenzone.

You can take a vitamin D3 supplement in case there is NO sun.

You need to boost your intake of vitamin K2 through food . K2 goes straight to vessel walls, bones, and tissues other than your liver

Bacteria produce this type of vitamin K. It is present in high quantities in your gut if it is healthy and you have NOT screwed the good bacteria population. Vitamin K2 activates a protein hormone called osteocalcin, produced by osteoblasts, which is needed to bind calcium into the matrix of your bone.

Osteocalcin also helps prevent calcium from depositing into your arteries. Vitamin K and vitamin D work together to increase Matrix GLA Protein (or MGP), the protein responsible for protecting your blood vessels from calcification. In Ayurveda green leafy veggies were recommended for Vitamin K.

Countries with the highest calcium consumption like Sweden have the highest rates of osteoporosis -known as the "calcium paradox”. Western civilization vastly overconsumes calcium.

USELESS HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS GIVING TOXIC A1 MILK .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

Vitamin D is the gatekeeper, while vitamin K as the traffic cop, directing the traffic to where it needs to go.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html


capt ajit vadakayil
..

##############################################




Your internal biological clock is what tells you when it’s time to wake up or go to sleep, but this inner timekeeper is actually controlled by light and dark.

Circadian rhythms are biological, mental and behavioral changes that follow a 24-hour cycle and respond to light and darkness within an organism’s environment.

Circadian rhythms are found in almost every living thing, including: human beings, animals, plants and even tiny microbes. The study of circadian rhythms is called chronobiology.

Circadian rhythms are produced by natural factors within the body, but they are mostly affected by signals from the environment. Light is the main cue influencing circadian rhythms.

Exposure to light turns the genes that control an organism’s internal clocks "on" and "off." Circadian rhythms dictate: sleep-wake cycles, hormone release, body temperature and other important bodily functions.

Disruptions of circadian rhythms is directly linked to sleep disorders. Abnormal circadian rhythms have also been associated with obesity, diabetes, depression, bipolar disorder and seasonal affective disorder (SAD).

Jet lag occurs when travelers suffer from disrupted circadian rhythms. When you pass through different time zones, your body's clock will be different from your wristwatch. For example, if you fly in an airplane from California to New York, you "lose" 3 hours of time. So when you wake up at 7:00 a.m., your body still thinks it's 4:00 a.m., making you feel groggy and disoriented. Your body's clock will eventually reset itself, but this often takes a few days.

Earth has a 23 hour and 56 minute daily rotation that provides predictable patterns of light and temperature, food, and predator activity. Through adaptive evolution, these patterns influence the metabolism and behavior of nearly every organism on the planet, including humans. The term circadian describes the approximately 24-hour cycles that are generated independent of these external influences.

In humans, some of the precisely timed internal processes that can persist in isolation include: Sunlight shuts off the body’s production of melatonin, a hormone produced at night that makes you feel drowsy.

By doing early morning SURYA NAMASKAR you can help your body maintain its circadian rhythm.   Your circadian rhythm is a 24-hour cycle that regulates biochemical, physiological, and behavioral processes and makes you feel tired when it’s dark outside.

Sunlight that’s unhindered by sunglasses will reach the brain’s pineal gland more easily and signal it to stop releasing melatonin.

Exposure to light helps regulate your sleep-wake cycle, or circadian rhythm, and in turn can improve your mood, productivity, alertness and health.




Circadian system is most sensitive to short-wavelength (bluer) light, ranging from 446 to 477 nanometers . 




There is a photopigment that mediates circadian photoreception, known as cirtopic vision. Cirtopic vision complements scotopic vision (which is rod-dominated, dim-light vision, with a peak of 507 nanometers) and photopic vision (which is cone-dominated, bright-light vision, with a peak of 555 nanometers).



Since photopic vision is critical to visual tasks, most electric light sources are designed to support it. However,

Short-wavelength light of 460 nanometers has been found to increase alertness as compared to longer-wavelength light of 555 nanometers.




Statistical studies have shown that students who did not receive short-wavelength visible light in the morning had delayed melatonin production and sleep onset in the evening by about 30 minutes.








Photosensitive cells in the eye directly affect the brain’s hypothalamus region, which controls our biological clock. This influences our circadian rhythm, not just important for jet lag but for normal sleep patterns, hormone regulation, increased reaction time, and behavior. 

Most cells in the body have an important cyclic pattern when working optimally, so potentially, just about any area of the body can falter without adequate sun stimulation. 

The hypothalamus also regulates the combined actions of the nervous and hormonal systems Turn down the lights at sunset, especially LED lights which mimic natural sunlight.


Blue light is emitted from mobile phones, computers, tablets, televisions and the lighting inside your home.  Pure red light has the least impact on circadian rhythms and melatonin..

Greedy Zionist companies fit blue lights in your windowless office . Short-wavelength portion of the visible spectrum supports alertness and productivity--  by suppressing the natural hormone melatonin and to stimulate the horomone seratonin.   When our circadian rhythms, get disrupted, it can affect our REM sleep .



Below: I own amber shades. In my bunglow I do NOT use flourescent lights or white/ blue lights at night.  Our lights are all  golden.



Chickens naturally lay eggs during the spring and summer when the days are long. Their internal clocks tell them that this is the best time to raise their young. 

You can trick them into laying eggs year round by setting up a light on a timer in their coop.


Below:  Dimwits who get fooled by their company to sit in windowless offices fitted with blue LED lights are NO different from the CHOOTIYA chicken below--   who lays more eggs for their greedy owner.      If you eat this hen or her eggs you will die fast.



Bad lighting can cause eye strain, fatigue and low morale for workers.

I AM SURE THE CHICKEN LAYING EGGS TWICE A DAY WILL NOT BE HAVING VERY HIGH MORALE- THEY WOULD BE FEELING WORSE THAN A MIDDLE AGED WOMAN WITH PMS .

And when looking at computer screens and reading documents with dismal lighting, more mistakes are made. This can make them grumpy at work, and just as a smile is contagious, so is grumpiness. Who wants to go to a workplace, where everyone seems to be in a GP ( GAAND PHAAD )  mood?

People are just happier when they have the sun shining on them, especially in the relatively cold regions or weathers.  Everyone feels good about coming to work to an office flooded with good daylight .   Having natural light will increase their creativity.

Instead of artificially boosting workplace energy levels with caffeine and sugar-filled drinks, the most effective and affordable way to increase office output it to create an energy efficient environment that uses natural lighting as its primary light source.

‘Harsh lighting’ produced by artificial lights raises cortisol levels – like them stressed out chicken.
Much like artificial light increases the body’s production of cortisol, natural light is one of the most effective triggers for increased production of healthy vitamins and hormones.

When exposed to artificial lighting for long periods of time, the body increases its cortisol output. 

When exposed to natural light on a rhythm determined by the sun, the body’s cortisol output decreases, reducing stress levels as it declines. 

Since elevated cortisol levels can cause serious medical effects, ranging from muscle wasting to early-onset facial aging produced by collagen depletion, adding a natural light source to your office is a fantastic way to improve your health and wellbeing.

Blue light is now being used in high end cars and dreamliners to help drivers and pilots stay awake at the wheel.

If you are gonna use the computer late at night before you sleep install software on your computer-that cuts blue glare later in the day

And make sure you make your bedroom dark or sleep in a face mask.

Short-wavelength or “blue” light is the most melatonin-suppressive; this is the type of light typically emitted by devices such as televisions, computer screens, and cellphones.  To produce white light, these electronic devices must emit light at short wavelengths, close to the peak sensitivity of melatonin suppression.  

This means that products such as tablets, smartphones, and other devices with self-luminous electronic displays are major sources for suppressing melatonin at night, thereby reducing sleep duration and disrupting sleep.







Blocking blue light has been shown in several studies to be extremely effective in reducing the melatonin-suppressing effects of intense and/or blue light.

Use amber-lensed goggles once the sun has gone down. These blue-blocking lenses are highly effective in reducing the effects of blue light exposure, and in most cases completely eliminate the short-wavelength radiation necessary for nocturnal melatonin suppression.

These goggles have been shown to improve sleep quality as well as mood, simply by blocking blue light and simulating physiologic darkness.

Amber-colored goggles are one of the only tools available to completely eliminate all blue light exposure at night, without ‘going off the grid’ and powering down your entire house after 7 PM—if you are stuck with a home fitted with blue emitting lights.

FOR MY SON'S PRE-WEDDING NIGHT PARTY , I HAD FITTED THE PANDAL WITH BLUE LIGHTS TO MAKE THE HAPPY SEROTONIN HORMONE FLOW.





Blue light, stimulates  connections between areas of the brain involved in processing emotion and language.




Exposure to sunlight by Suryanamaskar  in the morning is particularly effective; it leads to earlier melatonin onset in the evening and makes it easier to fall asleep. 



Artificial lighting isn't new, but the lighting emitted by older sources, such as incandescent bulbs, use red wavelengths to produce light, while the newer energy efficient LED lighting produces a blue light that is much stronger and brighter.  

 LED lights are more efficient than fluorescent lights, but they are guilty of producing more  amount of light in the blue spectrum.



Blue wavelengths—which are beneficial during daylight hours because they boost attention, reaction times, and mood , are most disruptive at night.   Proliferation of electronics with screens, as well as energy-efficient lighting, is increasing our exposure to blue wavelengths, especially after sundown.

LED lights have been touted as a super-efficient alternative to traditional bulbs because they use up to 85 per cent less energy and each bulb can last up to 10 years. LED bulbs can damage the cells in the retina.   It is high time these lights are banned unless they are fitted with a filter.



Researchers have experimented on  7 hours of exposure to blue light to exposure to green light of comparable brightness. The blue light suppressed melatonin for about twice as long as the green light and shifted circadian rhythms by twice as much (3 hours vs. 1.5 hours).

Shift workers at night must protect themselves by wearing shades that  block blue light

Exposure to even small amounts of light from a television, your computer, tablet, or smartphone can interfere with your body’s production of melatonin, which helps regulate your sleep-wake cycle.

Sleep in complete darkness at home. . Move all electrical devices including mobile phone chargers at least three feet away from your bed.  A gauss meter is required if you want to measure EMF levels in various areas of your home. If possible install a kill switch to turn off all electricity to your bedroom. If you need a clock, use a battery-operated one.

Install a low-wattage yellow, orange, or red light bulb if you need a source of light for navigation at night. Light in these bandwidths does not shut down melatonin production in the way that white and blue bandwidth light does.   Keep the temperature in your bedroom no higher than 23 deg C

Take a hot bath 90 minutes before bedtime. This increases your core body temperature, and when you get out of the bath it abruptly drops, signaling your body that you are ready to sleep.

Avoid using loud alarm clocks. Being jolted awake each morning can be very stressful.

Artificial blue light means extension of daylight hours through indoor lighting , which suppresses production of melatonin.

If you watch too much television at night, wear blue blocking amber sun glasses ( improves REM sleep).

The key to quality REM sleep is optimizing the secretion of melatonin, the hormone that influences sleep the most. As daylight dims so does our energy as less essential chemicals for activity are produced. This causes our core temperature to fall. It is at this point the body starts to convert serotonin into melatonin. As melatonin levels gradually increase we start to tire as our body prepares for sleep

The SCN takes the information from the retina on the light levels, and their duration, and passes it to the pineal gland.

The pineal gland is responsible for the secretion of melatonin. However artificial lighting disrupts this process which can result in the pineal gland misinterpreting the time of day and confuses our circadian rhythm. 

This is why spending a lot of time under artificial light can have adverse effects on our health. Good lighting should therefore follow the patterns and rhythms of natural light.



###################
XXJuly 26, 2015 at 8:33 PM
Hello Sir,

Can you please suggest some cure for eczema ? How to prevent it



 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilJuly 26, 2015 at 9:45 PM
hi r,

PUT VIRGIN COCONUT OIL ON AFFECTED PARTS AND DO SURYA NAMASKAR FOR VITAMIN D.

TO REMOVE OIL DURING BATH APPLY LIGHT PASTE OF MOONG POWDER MIXED WITH FRESH TURMERIC PASTE.

HAVE A GLUTEN FREE DIET – HAVE RICE , NOT WHEAT.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html
Eczema symptoms include itchy, red, and dry skin caused by inflammation. It’s most commonly found in children, although adults can get it. It is also called atopic dermatitis and is treated with oral medications, hydrocortisone steroid creams and sunlight light therapy .

Almost always, your skin will itch before a rash appears in eczema.


Patches of chronically itchy, dry, thickened skin, usually on the hands, neck, face, and legs (but it can occur anywhere). In children, the inner creases of the knees and elbows are often involved.

If scratched, dry patches of skin and open sores with crusts may develop and may get infected.

You develop yellowish to light brown crust or pus-filled blisters over existing patches of eczema. This may indicate a bacterial infection that should be treated with an antibiotic.

Eczema is a term for a group of medical conditions that cause the skin to become inflamed or irritated. The most common type of eczema is known as atopic dermatitis, or atopic eczema.

Atopic refers to a group of diseases with an often inherited tendency to develop other allergic conditions, such as asthma and hay fever.

Most infants who develop the condition outgrow it by their tenth birthday, while some people continue to have symptoms on and off throughout life.

Eczema inked to an overactive response by the body's immune system to an irritant. It is this response that causes the symptoms of eczema.

Stress may cause the condition to worsen.

The condition is not contagious and can't be spread from person to person.. While there are no tests to determine eczema, most often your doctor can tell if it's eczema by looking at your skin

The goal of treatment for eczema is to relieve and prevent itching, which can lead to infection.

Since the disease makes skin dry and itchy, lotions and creams are recommended to keep the skin moist.

Other treatments include antihistamines to lessen severe itching,

Some skin creams work by altering the immune system response to prevent flare-ups-but they cause cancer too.

Eczema outbreaks can sometimes be avoided or the severity lessened by following these simple tips:---

Moisturize frequently.
Avoid sudden changes in temperature or humidity.
Avoid sweating or overheating.
Reduce stress.
Avoid scratchy materials, such as wool.
Avoid harsh soaps, detergents, and solvents.
Be aware of any foods that may cause an outbreak and avoid those foods.

There is no cure for eczema, in western medicine

Some of the most common allergens that can be causes of eczema include:

House dust mites
Pets
Pollens (seasonal)
Molds
Dandruff

MAKE SURE YOUR BED ROOM ALLOWS SUNLIGHT. PUT YOUR MATTRESS, BLANKETS , PILLOWS IN THE SUN OFTEN.

Take warm baths on a regular basis and immediately apply virgin coconut oil.

Wear cotton or soft fabrics.

Apply coconut oil within 3 minutes after bathing to “lock in” moisture.
Use a humidifier in dry or cold weather.
Keep your fingernails short to help keep scratching from breaking the skin.

Again, do NOT have carpets in your bedroom or pets.

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Only stupid people say that you have taken in too much of Vitamin D by sunlight due to Suryanamaskar.   

With sunlight-generated vitamin D, you don't have to worry about having too much D in your system, as sunlight destroys any excess vitamin D that it generates in your skin . Just like a mobile phone battery it just charges your body.




Neurological, cardiovascular, and immune diseases are associated with “sunshine vitamin” vitamin D deficiency. By increasing your exposure to sunlight, you can decrease your risk for these diseases. Many diseases which modern doctors call “ genetic “ can be cured by Surya Namaskar.



The west has taken to Surya Namaskar in a big way. Among my 889 posts , the one of Surya Namaskar has the highest view count and that too 93% foreigners.



Without vitamin D, your body can’t perform at its best.  Sunlight comprises two types of solar radiation: UVA, which causes reddening and burning of the skin, and UVB.   The latter increases the production of an inactive form or precursor of vitamin D by the skin, which is then activated by the liver and kidneys. 




Vitamin D comes in two forms:

Vitamin D2: The form found in plants (also called ergocalciferol)

Vitamin D3: The form found in animals (also called cholecalciferol)

Both forms of vitamin D are created when the ultraviolet rays of the sun act upon a form of cholesterol.   In certain plants, the ultraviolet rays convert a molecule called ergosterol into vitamin D2. 

In humans, vitamin D starts as a substance in the skin called 7-dehydrocholesterol. The ultraviolet B (UVB) rays from the sun convert 7-dehydrocholesterol into vitamin D3.




A vitamin is a chemical that’s essential for your body but that your body can’t make; it must be ingested.  By this definition, vitamin D isn’t a vitamin at all.

Your skin can make vitamin D when it’s exposed to sunlight, so your body doesn’t have to acquire it from food.

If vitamin D isn’t really a vitamin, what is it?

It becomes a hormone called calcitriol (active vitamin D) after your body metabolizes it. A hormone is a chemical in your body that regulates your physiology.

However, neither vitamin D nor vitamin D3 are active yet.   

In fact, vitamin D does nothing by itself; it’s completely inactive.

Vitamin D travels through the bloodstream to the liver, where it’s turned into 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (25(OH)D or calcidiol).    This is a prohormone or precursor for the vitamin D hormone.

The vitamin D prohormone travels through the bloodstream to the kidneys, where it’s turned into the active form, 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol (1,25(OH)2 D3 or calcitriol).

1,25(OH)2 D3 is the active vitamin D hormone. It is released back into the bloodstream where it then regulates how your body uses calcium and phosphorus.



D3 is two or three times as potent in raising the level of 25-hydroxycholecalciferol.

Because the liver and the kidneys are involved in the production of calcitriol, diseases of these organs may affect your ability to make this hormone.




Kidneys produce most of the calcitriol that ends up in the blood.   The best understood role for calcitriol is in the control of how your body uses calcium and phosphorus to make strong bones.  

The intestine and bones rely on the kidneys to make and ship calcitriol to them. Other organs may be able to make small amounts of calcitriol on their own.




Vitamin D receptor is found in several cells that are critical for controlling the metabolism of calcium, phosphorus, and bone: intestinal cells, bone cells, kidney cells, and parathyroid gland cells.





 
Active vitamin D works by entering cells and attaching to a protein called the vitamin D receptor, located in the nucleus of cells, where the genetic material is located. This combination of calcitriol and its receptor stimulates the cell to make proteins that regulate the way the body works.

Some of the proteins produced in response to calcitriol in the intestine help transport calcium across the intestine and into the bloodstream, greatly increasing the absorption of calcium from the diet.
  
Vitamin D receptors also are present in most other tissues, including the brain, heart, skin, ovary and testicle, prostate gland, and breast, as well as the cells of the immune system, including white blood cells and other key immune cells. 


Low vitamin D levels exposes you to type 2 diabetes. 




When the sun shines on the skin, the nerve endings absorb energy and send it throughout the entire body.  This calms the nerves. when the sun hits your skin it manufactures vitamin D in your body and then works as a great natural aid to calcium absorption. Calcium soothes the nervous system.



Sunlight is one of the greatest sleep inducers, especially when you combine it with any form of physical exercise.   Sunlight is the major source of vitamin D-producing Ultraviolet B radiation, which has a wide range of positive health effects, including possibly inhibiting the growth of some cancers.



To make vitamin D, you need UV-B rays to come into direct contact with your skin. UV-B rays cannot penetrate glass, so you don't make any vitamin D while you're sitting in a car or by a window at work or at home.



Normal glass blocks all of UVB but allows UVA to come through.  Our bodies manufacture vitamin D when the sun's ultraviolet B (UVB) rays interact with 7-dehydrocholesterol (7-DHC) present in the skin.




Lighter skin color allows deeper penetration by UV-B rays, which decreases the amount of sunlight exposure needed for adequate vitamin D production. 




If you have darker skin, it's harder for UV-B rays to penetrate your skin and create vitamin D, which means that you need greater exposure to sunlight than someone with lighter skin.




The further north or south you live from the equator, the less exposure you have to UV-B rays.

The higher you live above sea level, the greater exposure you have to UV-B rays. With each passing year, natural degenerative changes that occur in your skin make it harder for UV-B rays to convert cholesterol in your skin into vitamin D. 



At 70 years of age, the average person has approximately 30% of the capacity to generate vitamin D from sunlight that a 20-year old has.


Having enough vitamin D in your body is essential to reducing your risk of every disease that we know of.  Every single one, read again.



In particular, vitamin D deficiency is strongly linked to increased risk of experiencing the following:

Cancers of the breast, ovary, prostate, colon, esophagus, pancreas, and leukemia. Eighty-one percent of babies born to women who were vitamin D deficient were deficient themselves, predisposing them to diabetes type 1, multiple sclerosis, schizophrenia, rickets, and a number of other diseases   
Western girls having Vitamin D deficiency get early menses.



If you're obese, you need to get more vitamin D than non-obese people, as obesity is a risk factor for vitamin D deficiency. 

The reason is that vitamin D gets trapped within fat tissue and can have some difficulty leaving to enter your bloodstream to supply the rest of your cells. Because of this, obese patients tend to need at least twice as much vitamin D as non-obese people in order to maintain optimal vitamin D status.   

But we are bombarded with messages from EVIL PHARMA and GREEDY DOCTORS about how dangerous the sun is.   

####################



AdarshJuly 27, 2015 at 4:01 PM
Namaskar Capt,

I have recently done my Lipid Profile testing and found to have high number in my Triglycerides.
I am 33 and active , being a typical Malayli i enjoy non-veg and drinks everyweekends.
Please advice how can i bring down my Triglycerides count within normal Range.

Regards,
Adarsh



Capt. Ajit VadakayilJuly 27, 2015 at 9:53 PM
hi a,

Triglycerides are a type of fat found in your blood. Your body uses them for energy.

But high triglycerides might raise your risk of heart disease and may be a sign of metabolic syndrome.

Metabolic syndrome is the combination of high blood pressure, high blood sugar, too much fat around the waist, low HDL ("good") cholesterol, and high triglycerides. Metabolic syndrome increases your risk for heart disease, diabetes, and stroke.

A blood test that measures your cholesterol also measures your triglycerides. For a general idea about your triglycerides level, compare your test results to the following:1

Normal — Less than 150 milligrams per deciliter (mg/dL), or less than 1.7 millimoles per liter (mmol/L)
Borderline high — 150 to 199 mg/dL (1.8 to 2.2 mmol/L)
High — 200 to 499 mg/dL (2.3 to 5.6 mmol/L)
Very high — 500 mg/dL or above (5.7 mmol/L or above)

High triglycerides are usually caused by other conditions, such as:--

Obesity.
Poorly controlled diabetes.
An underactive thyroid (hypothyroidism).
Kidney disease.
Regularly eating more calories than you burn.
Drinking a lot of alcohol.
Certain medicines may also raise triglycerides. These medicines include:

Tamoxifen.
Steroids.
Beta-blockers.
Diuretics.
Estrogen.
Birth control pills.

High triglycerides usually don't cause symptoms.

You can make diet and lifestyle changes to help lower your levels.

Lose weight and stay at a healthy weight.
Limit fats and sugars in your diet.
Be more active.
Quit smoking.
Limit alcohol.

When you eat, your body converts any calories it doesn't need to use right away into triglycerides. The triglycerides are stored in your fat cells. Later, hormones release triglycerides for energy between meals. If you regularly eat more calories than you burn, particularly "easy" calories like carbohydrates and fats, you may have high triglycerides (hypertriglyceridemia).

You'll have to fast for nine to 12 hours before blood can be drawn for an accurate triglyceride measurement.

Triglycerides store unused calories and provide your body with energy, and cholesterol is used to build cells and certain hormones. Because triglycerides and cholesterol can't dissolve in blood, they circulate throughout your body with the help of proteins that transport the lipids (lipoproteins

Sometimes high triglycerides are a sign of poorly controlled type 2 diabetes, low levels of thyroid hormones (hypothyroidism), liver or kidney disease, or rare genetic conditions that affect how your body converts fat to energy. 

Lose weight. Cut back on calories. Avoid sugary and refined foods. Simple carbohydrates, such as sugar and foods made with white flour, can increase triglycerides.
Avoid the most concentrated sources of cholesterol, including meats high in saturated fat, egg yolks and whole milk products.
Eliminate trans fat

At levels above normal, the pancreatic beta cells that produce insulin are subjected to lipotoxicity, irreversible damage that can lead to inadequate insulin production by the pancreas over time.

At very high levels above 1000 mg/dl, triglycerides cause pancreatitis, pancreatic inflammation that damages the delicate pancreatic tissues.

Whenever the liver has fatty acids delivered to it, it manufactures triglycerides (each triglyceride molecule contains 3–tri–fatty acids). Visceral fat–deep abdominal fat in the abdomen–is resistant to insulin and thereby provides a continual flow of fatty acids to the liver, a process that runs 24 hours a day.

Cultivate healthy bowel flora–“Feeding” bowel microorganisms the fibers they need allow them to convert fiber into butyrate, a fatty acid that yields metabolic effects that include reduction of insulin resistance, reduced blood sugar, reduced LDL values, and reduced triglycerides. 

Surya Namaskar brings down Triglycerides.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Below video: IGNORE THE FALSE PROPAGANDA AGAINST COCONUT OIL 
 

###############################


Vitamin D along with Suryanamaskar mantras will optimize > 20% ( > 4000-  6,000) of your total genes - even if you inherited a rotten “deck of gene cards”, your actions in life allow your genes to be expressed or regulated.

Below: Our Pickle Johns and Chutney Mary's are wannabe gora gaands.  Yeh-le !



Jews who have inherited warped DNA must know this.   




Even homosexuality can be cured by Suryanamaskar.  



Jews do NOT have to suffer from Chron’s disease where they use toilet paper on 5 assholes on their bottom after a shit.

Below: What is the point in having billions of dollars in your bank, if you are like this internally ? 

Verily, health is wealth .  

God punishes !


The bridge connecting the galactic resonances which rain down on our planet and brain frequencies reside in our DNA helix.  

32 years back when i got married, our horoscopes were matched.   DNA structure resonates thus quivering the individual cells. This is the principle of astrology , which is pure mathematics.

When you meditate you tune your DNA to the subtle quantum level matrix.  Energy transfer  to the molecular level powers your metabolic processes.

DNA is like the master tuning fork in the body. It would strike a particular frequency and certain other molecules would follow-- the waves are LONGITUDINAL -- rather field like.

DNA—the coiled double helix of genetic coding holds a blue print of the body’s protein and amino acids. Each DNA helix or chromosome –and the identical 26 pairs exist in every one of the thousand million cells of the body.

Emotions like anger and fear can COMPRESS DNA,  However, emotions like joy, gratitude ( mantras during Suryanamaksar ) and love UNWIND the DNA, decompress it!

At our most elemental we are energy. 

Water purifiers in our kitchens use UV-C rays to permanently damage the DNA of disease causing bacteria.  

If you can blast a cell with UV light so that 99 % of the cell incl its DNA is destroyed, you can repair the damage in a single day by just illuminating the cell with the same wavelength of a very weak intensity.

There must be some light in the body responsible for photo-repair. A cancerous compound must cause cancer because it permanently blocks this light and scrambles it, so that photo-repair cant work any more.

When you allpy ethidium bromide to DNA it causes it to unwind. DNA is capable of sending out a large range of frequencies , linked to certain functions. Once unwound DNA emits more light..

The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb. Consciousness gave the image or blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form

There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed later.

Some cells specialize for heart, hair, skin etc.  The DNA strands are replicated in each cell. The mind can direct tiny proteins to read the sophisticated sequence of DNA helix-

WELL, WELL WHAT DO THEY KNOW !

Every cell of your body contains the creative power of the universe. Every DNA has its own melody, as energy and matter is musical in nature. God ( BRAHMaN ) resides within your DNA.  A DNA molecule is more sophisticated than any supercomputer on earth, and is the blue print of life .

DNA CAN BE RE-PROGRAMMED with mantras (  spoken word ) for carrier frequencies . It must be noted that Sanskrit is a divine language where the tonoscope cymatics , form the written letter --or can be visualised by a mystic.

Our DNA can be “read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code.

Hinduism is based on LONGITUDIBAL WAVE sound and SCALAR  FIELDS . 

Every thing oscillates  between two states of rest.  Everything produces a longitudinal vibration, --  a "sound of music ".

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/beej-mantra-anuswaram-nasal-sound.html

A divine language originates from the DNA blueprint.  It will be polite, have perfect morphology, no meanings by connotations, will be unambiguous , will NOT have spellings, syntax , proper nouns and silent letters -- and will have vibrations for DNA repair by spoken word mantras.  

OM the Hindu king mantra , the sound body of consciousness and sound of light as per ancient Vedas , resonates with planet earth at 7.83 Hz and has been lifted by Schumann . Your own DNA and planet earth resonates joyfully or dances to this mantra.

DNA follows the laws of optics/ acoustics. 

DNA behaves as a liquid crystal.  A soliton wave which travel back and forth along the DNA helix is an ultra stable information carrying quantum wave which exhibits wave particle duality ( surprised ? ). like how a laser reads the DVD. DNA is a harmonic oscillator for communications.

Exposure to DNA wave information from living seeds encoded on radio waves can energise dead seeds killed by radioactivity.  Maharishis with 12 strand NIL junk DNA were supermen.  

Laser light produces holograms when transmitted through DNA. Coherent laser light produces diffraction patterns when transmitted through crystalline structures. A healthy cell and a cancer cell emits vastly different photon light.

If you unravel all the DNA from all cells of our body it would reach to the sun and back 150 times. Self aligning DNA strands can be used as the thinnest fibre optic cables, that use photons instead of electrons.  DNA is a biological internet!

The brain and DNA are governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.

THE DAY HUMANS MAKE A COMPUTER USING WATER FOR MEMORY ( INSTEAD OF SILICON ), DNA STRANDS FOR WIRING AND SANSKRIT FOR PROGRAMMING- THIS CONSCIOUS COMPUTER WILL LAUGH WHEN YOU TELL A JOKE OR TELL YOU THE MORAL OF A STORY YOU MAKE IT LISTEN TO.

DNA can be altered through magnetic fields, heart coherence, Sanskrit mantras, positive mental states and intention.

Genetic determinism is a flawed fuckin’ theory.

Factors like love and appreciation ( positive quantum nutients ) or anxiety and anger ( negative QN ) also influence a person’s DNA blueprint program.

Negative emotions affect DNA signalling. 

When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body.

We can counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states of care, gratitude , appreciation and love.

Suryanamaskar without its associated mantras aint no Suryanamaskar at all. 


Sunlight can not only make us feel happier and provide the body energy, compelling evidence shows that it can also prevent and heal many common diseases ( EVIL PHARMA tells you , dont go in the sun)

√   Hypertension
√   Cancer (16 types, incl.  breast, ovary, prostate, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, lung)
√   Heart Disease
√   Obesity
√   Rheumatoid Arthritis
√   Diabetes 1 &2
√   Crohn’s Disease
√   Inflammatory Bowel Disease
√   Cold / Flu
√   Septicemia
√   Eczema / Psoriasis
√   Dementia
√   Insomnia
√   Hearing Loss
√   Cavities
√   Osteoporosis
√   Periodontal Disease
√   Infertility
√   Migraines
√   Macular degeneration
√   Asthma
√   Pre-eclampsia
√   Reduced C-section risk
√   Depression
√   Schizophrenia
√   Alzheimer’s Disease
√   Aging Signs
√   Autism
√   Multiple Sclerosis
√   Tuberculosis
√   Pain/Muscle Pains
√   Seizures
√   Cystic Fibrosis
√   Myopathy
√   Psoriasis



Vitamin D3 made in the skin via UVB from sun may be more effective than dietary D3 - Your body can make its own vitamin D from sunlight. You can also get vitamin D from supplements and a very small amount comes from a few foods you eat.



The vitamin D that you get in your skin from sunlight, and the vitamin D from supplements, has to be changed by your body a number of times before it can be used. Once it’s ready, your body uses it to manage the amount of calcium in your blood, bones and gut and to help cells all over your body to communicate properly.




Vitamin D isn’t like most other vitamins. Your body can make its own vitamin D when you expose your skin to sunlight.



But your body can’t make other vitamins. You need to get other vitamins from the foods you eat.
Also what makes vitamin D unique compared to other vitamins, is that when  your body gets its vitamin D, it turns vitamin D into a hormone. 



This hormone is called “activated vitamin D” or “calcitriol.”



Below: In olden days if they wanted you to die in prison, they would put you in a cell where NO daylight comes in.




Vitamin D is very important for strong bones. Calcium and phosphorus are essential for developing the structure and strength of your bones, and you need vitamin D to absorb these minerals.  


Getting enough calcium and vitamin D is essential to building strong, dense bones when you're young and to keeping them strong and healthy as you age

Calcium is a mineral that is necessary for life. In addition to building bones and keeping them healthy, calcium helps our blood clot, nerves send messages and muscles contract .

About 99 percent of the calcium in our bodies is in our bones and teeth. Each day, we lose calcium through our skin, nails, hair, sweat, urine and feces, but our bodies cannot produce new calcium.

That’s why it’s important to try to get calcium from the food we eat. When we don’t get enough calcium for our body’s needs, it is taken from our bones. Yogurt and cheese are high in calcium. Certain green vegetables and other foods contain calcium in smaller amounts .

Again, Vitamin D plays an important role in protecting your bones and your body requires it to absorb calcium.   Vitamin D receptors are found in almost every human cell from your brain to your bones .

Children need vitamin D to build strong bones, and adults need it to keep their bones strong and healthy. If you don't get enough vitamin D, you may lose bone, have lower bone density, and you're more likely to break bones as you age.

Healthy sunlight vitamin has also proven to raise your brain power and may reduce aging as well. 




Even if you eat foods that contain a lot of calcium and phosphorus, without enough vitamin D, you can’t absorb them into your body. 



Severe vitamin D deficiency can sometimes cause a condition called rickets in children and a condition called osteomalacia in adults.     Both of these conditions cause soft, thin, and brittle bones.




When your skin is exposed to the sun, it produces vitamin D and sends it to your liver. If you take supplements or eat foods that contain vitamin D, your gut also sends the vitamin D to your liver. From here, your liver changes it to a substance called 25(OH)D. 


When your doctor talks about your vitamin D levels, he means the amount of 25(OH)D you have in your blood.

The biologically active form of vitamin D is 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25(OH)2 D). Measuring serum levels of 1,25(OH)2 D should be considered upon suspicion of deficiency or excess of 1,25(OH)2 D.    

Plasma 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25(OH)2 D) is tightly controlled by plasma parathyroid hormone (PTH), serum calcium and serum phosphate






Decreased levels of 1,25(OH)2 D can result from chronic kidney disease, and severe vitamin D deficiency. The decrease of 1,25(OH)2 D level is more prominent when kidney failure progresses.

The active form of vitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 [1,25(OH)2D3], has been shown to inhibit the development of autoimmune diseases, including inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and several asshole disease Chrons.




Vitamin D receptors are present in most if not all cells in the body.

Vitamin D has physiologic effects much broader than a role in mineral homeostasis and bone function.   Ample amount of sunlight can prevent vitamin D and B1 deficiency that may cause diseases such as rickets and beriberi.

Vitamin D is fat-soluble--meaning some dietary fat is necessary for its absorption like virgin coconut oil . 

EVIL PHARMA IS GONNA GET VERY UPSET WITH CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL FOR PUTTING UP THIS POST.

Below :  Before pancreatic cancer patients would surely die -- because the pancreas had dense and inflamed tissues, which is closed and resistant to radiation and chemotherapy. Vitamin D does the trick.



Suryanamaskar PREVENTS onset of Diabetes type 2 as sunlight controls blood sugar level.

Sunlight triggers the synthesis of vitamin D, causing immune cells to travel to the outer layer of the skin where they are able to protect and help repair damaged skin. Getting enough calcium and vitamin D is essential to building strong, dense bones when you're young and to keeping them strong and healthy as you age

Yes, toxic humpless cow's milk gives Calcium--but so does most of the other food you eat like brocolli, cabbage, nuts , sesame seeds, sea weeds, carrot etc.

The ideal calcium to magnesium ratio for the human body should be 1:1.  

Too much calcium, depletes magnesium levels.

Humpless cow A1 milk's Calcium/ Magnesium ratio is 10:1.  

Every 1 part of calcium will use up 1 part of magnesium, in order to be assimilated.  

 The remaining magnesium, not used up by the calcium, will be available to serve other functions in the body.

By relying on such humpless cow's milk for calcium, you will have magnesium deficiency and imbalance.

Pasteurized milk (UHT - ultra-heat temperature) causes the milk protein (casein) to change to an inorganic form, which cannot be assimilated by the human body.

This protein cannot be broken down, and hence it weakens the immune system, causing allergies , asthma, higher blood cholesterol and increased risk of heart disease and stroke. Pasteurization also destroys enzymes,diminishes vitamin content and kills healthy beneficial bacteria.

The gooey mucus sticks on the inner wall of the intestines causes poor absorption of nutrients from your food. It causes constipation and can lead to many health problems, AS IT DAMAGES YOUR IMMUNE SYSTEM.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

Magnesium is anti-inflammatory and a de-toxifier. Magnesium is the master molecule of the human body and is needed in over 300 different process the body performs. It is the catalyst of life.  

The main reason for magnesium deficiency in the human body is drinking useless HUMPLESS cow’s toxic A1 milk and stress.  

Stress causes Magnesium to be flushed out through the urine or bowels . Deficiency of magnesium causes the body to accumulate toxins, degenerate quickly and premature aging leading to a host of other diseases.

Magnesium deficiency can trigger muscle tension, muscle soreness, muscle spasms, muscle cramps, and muscle fatigue.   Magnesium activates the enzymes necessary for a number of physiological functions, including neuromuscular contractions, heart and cardiovascular function, and the regulation of the acid-alkaline balance in the body.

 Athletes use magnesium to increase energy and endurance.   Magnesium influences the release and activity of insulin, the hormone that helps control blood glucose (sugar) levels. If there is not enough magnesium to do this job, both insulin and glucose become elevated. The excess glucose gets stored as fat and contributes to obesity. 

Now you know why hilly billy yanks who drink hajaar A1 milk are so fuckin’ fat and daft too for good measure —splitting hairs , sweating the small stuff and behaving like CHOOTS.   

Too much calcium can contribute to depression and irritability, whereas magnesium helps your brain make the calming and feel good chemical called dopamine.  Depression and anxiety can begin with an imbalance of calcium and magnesium.

Magnesium, not calcium, is the mineral that calms your emotions as well as your muscles.  Serotonin is a natural antidepressant, but your brain needs magnesium in order to make serotonin.  Low serotonin production can cause a number of symptoms including depression, obsessive thinking, and anxiety. When you're under stress your body loses more magnesium than usual.

An imbalance of too much Calcium and too little magnesium causes depression. In USA  the top 20 highest-selling drugs are antidepressants ,which could be well solved with a proper diet and exercise , instead of continuing with junk YANKEE DOODLE food. 

72% of Migraines are related Calcium magnesium imbalance. Magnesium is required for the body to produce and store energy. Without magnesium there is no energy, no movement, no life. It is that simple.  

Magnesium permits a small amount of calcium to enter a nerve cell, just enough to allow electrical transmission along the nerves to and from the brain, then forces it back outside. Even our thoughts, via brain neurons, are dependent on magnesium.

I WOULD ADVISE OUR OWN AKKAL KA DUSHMAN YUVRAAJ TO HAVE MORE MAGNESIUM.

EVIL PHARMA AND DOCTORS WHO LAUGH ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK ARE NOT GONNA TELLYOU ALL THIS.

AND OUR APCO BRANDED PM MODI IS ON HIS GUJARAT HUMPLESS COW MODEL TRIP.    ALICE IN GUJJULAND EVEN WANTED TO EXPORT IT TO MONGOLIA ..  TEEE HEEEE !

 Magnesium is essential for proper electrical and neurotransmitter function in the brain.  It help prevents cognitive decline and improve brain plasticity to better deal with stress and anxiety. 

Magnesium compounds keep calcium in solution.  If you are deficient in magnesium, you can get kidney or gall stones that contain insoluble forms of calcium. Calcium represents a congealing or cementing quality, while magnesium represents dissolution or flexibility.  I know when to use Calcium and Magnesium in my green lawn.

Magnesium helps utilize B-complex vitamins, vitamin C, and vitamin E.  I drink tender coconut water to keep my magnesium levels.    Excess magnesium that is not deposited in bone or retained in tissue is excreted through the urine.

Stress causes your adrenal glands to produce more adrenaline and other hormones, like cortisol, causing more magnesium excretion. When your magnesium is low, your adrenal glands produce still more cortisol, which in turn decreases your levels of DHEA, -- an anti-aging hormone .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/quantum-drink-coconut-water-capt-ajit.html

Alcoholism, renal disease, diabetes mellitus may all cause a magnesium deficiency to occur. Magnesium helps blood pressure become and stay regulated, reduces the formation of plaque in arteries, and reduces spasms. Magnesium prevents excessive amounts of calcium from damaging heart cells.

It also dilates your arteries, allowing better blood flow.

Magnesium is essential for proper insulin levels. You cannot produce insulin, you cannot secrete insulin, and your cells cannot recognize insulin without proper levels of Magnesium.

Excess calcium reduces magnesium.  Calcium and magnesium work together in muscle contraction and relaxation.  If magnesium isn't available, the mineral ion channels in cells are left wide open and calcium floods in leading to it's calcification. Loss of magnesium leads to a relentless increase of sodium and calcium which ultimately becomes the greatest form of cellular "Stress”.  

Dominance of calcium over magnesium produces symptoms of muscle spasm. Migraines, eyelid twitch, heart flutters, back aches, premenstrual tension, leg cramps and constipation are all linked to calcium overload.  Excessive calcium may also result in kidney stones and heart valve calcifications. 

Therefore, the ratio of calcium to magnesium has to be 1:1, as compared with a 15:1 ratio in present-day diets.

Magnesium deficiency can lead directly to cancer. While calcium is not used in many enzymes in the body, magnesium is a component of thousands of enzyme. Magnesium is essential for thousands of enzymes in the body and may be said to represent enzyme strength, while calcium represents structural strength or bone strength. . 

In electrical terms, calcium represents a compressive pressure or voltage.  Magnesium is tensive and more about amperage or intensity.  Ohm’s law and Joule’s law apply here.  For example, Joule’s law states that voltage multiplied by amps = power or watts. 

Both Calcium and Magnesium are divalent cations, both form hard compounds, and both have a mainly calming effect on the body, although magnesium is needed for energy production, as well. 

The calcium magnesium ratio, reveals the physical, mental, emotional and other aspects of a person all at once. With a high ratio, calcium, the cement-like mineral, is more dominant.  This is associated with a kind of defensiveness.  When the ratio is low, the opposite can be true, and a person often demonstrates less defensiveness.

Magnesium and Vitamin D should be taken together in order to avoid vitamin D side effects and to maximize absorption of both nutrients. Nutrients don't work alone, and when it comes to taking vitamin D, it's important that you take magnesium.

Many of the 'Vitamin D Side Effects' are not problems with the vitamin D, but are problems with not getting enough magnesium!

Below: Wanna know why the west is addicted to chocolates ? EVIL PHARMA wont tell them.



6000 year old Ayurveda recommended Magnesium rich foods.  

As kids we ate plenty brown rice, fish, green leafy veggies , dhal , bananas, every day.   

In TV reality shows like BIGG BOSS they keep the contestants LOW in magnesium so that they fight and behave in a stupid manner in the name of entertainment.

Grain refining processes for bread and pasta remove more than 95% of total magnesium. Bye bye Maggi noodles.

Refined GM oils and refined sugar  remove all Magnesium.  At least twenty nutrients are removed in refining flour. And only five are put back in when refined flours are “enriched”.  Magnesium is not one of them.

The typical American convenience food diet of fast food, pizzas, pastries, cookies and fried foods consists almost exclusively of refined grains, oils and sugars. Over time, excess consumption of these foods can lead to both obesity and magnesium deficiency, a potentially fatal combination.

GREEN REVOLUTION IS PUNJAB HAS BROUGHT DOWN THE LEVEL OF MAGNESIUM.

OUR ZIONIST DARLING AND GM FOOD LOVER MODI MUST NOW THAT GM CROPS GROW BIGGER AND FASTER BUT THEY DO NOT HAVE THE CAPABILITY TO UPTAKE NUTRIENTS AT THE SAME FAST RATE.

Below: Here is a song for our GM LOBERMAAAAN MODI




GM crop pesticides destroy organisms that provide nutrients to plants. There is SEVERE  vitamin and mineral depletion in the soil due to use of GM pesticides and GM fertilizers.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/monsanto-and-farmer-suicides-in-india.html

Vitamin-fixing bacteria in the soil,  earthworms, natural soil aerators and fertilizers, have been eliminated from GM crop farms.

Without this living environment, soils produce vegetation with dramatically reduced vitamin and mineral content.



For example, vegetarians are commonly advised to supplement their diet with certain B vitamins, especially B12, as an all-vegetable diet has been shown to be deficient in these vitamins. 

What is less commonly known is that in the past these vitamins were in fact found commonly in root vegetables due to the action of living, beneficial bacteria in the soil.

Today’s soils, which have essentially eradicated these bacteria populations, cannot now be relied upon to provide B12 in any significant amount

GM  LOBBBERRRMMAAANNN  MODI WANTS TO CONVERT ALL OUR STAPLE FOODS FROM ORGANIC TO GM.  

POLITICAL DONASSANN MAANGTHA HAI NA.    

APCO WAALAH KYA BOLENGA ? 

BAAA AUR BIBBEEE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE DENGA NAA ?

Use of organic fertilizers (rather than synthetic) immediately triples  the B12 content of spinach –stuies have been conducted.

Modern fertilizers are a convenient substitute for centuries old crop rotation practices which prevented farmland from becoming depleted through repetitive use. Yet they do little to improve the vitamin and mineral content of crops, and invariably worsens it.

Minerals are more susceptible to the reductions in soil quality than vitamins. Whereas many vitamins can actually be produced by growing plants themselves, if minerals are not first present in the soil they will not be present in the produce grown there.

Potash, a commonly-used potassium fertilizer easily taken up by plants, severely  reduces the amount of magnesium absorbed by the plant.   Modern nitrogen-based fertilizers have a tendency to make crops bulkier, yet nutrient poor.

THESE ARTIFICIAL FERTILISERS HAVE SPOILT OUR UNDERGROUND WATER AQUIFERS .    

IN ANCIENT DAYS WE CREMATED DEAD HUMANS AND ANIMALS. TODAY A HUGE PERCENTAGE IS BURIED AND NOW THEY ARE TRYING TO MAKE HINDUS BURY THEIR DEAD, QUOTING GLOBAL WARMING.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/vanishing-lakes-rain-water-harvesting.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/begone-al-gore-hoax-of-carbon-dioxide.html

High nitrogen levels make plants grow fast and bulk up with carbohydrates and water. While the fruits these plants produce may be big, they suffer in nutritional quality.

The effect is one which is beneficial to the producer, but not the consumer. Consumers pay more for heavier, water-laden produce that contains less vitamins and minerals.

The human body is equipped to absorb dietary magnesium sources from organic foods and NOT from pills , tablets and processed foods.

##########################################


MSJuly 6, 2015 at 4:41 PM
Dear Sir

I have been suffering from psoriasis for last two years. the effected areas are primarily scalp and few patches on face and back. Initially I have taken allopathic medicines, which gave some relief initially. After discontinuing the medicines, patches made grand entry with high intensity. there after, I discontinued the alopathic treatment. Please suggest me the natural or ayurvedic way of curing the psoriasis.





Capt. Ajit VadakayilJuly 28, 2015 at 3:10 PM
hi ms,

Psoriasis is a chronic disease of your immune system that causes cells to build up on the surface of your skin, leading to thick, red, scaly patches that are very itchy and sometimes painful.

In ancient Ayurveda, you apply virgin coconut oil with fresh turmeric paste infused.

After that do Suryanamaskar for Vitamin D- to add Nitric oxide.

Although psoriasis appears as a skin condition, it is actually an autoimmune disease. Part of the reaction occurs when a type of white blood cell called a T cell mistakenly attacks healthy skin cells.

These overactive T cells then trigger other immune responses that collectively speed up the growth cycle of skin cells, causing them to move to the outermost layer of your skin in a matter of days rather than weeks.

Because the dead skin cannot be removed quickly enough, it builds up into the thick patches characteristic of psoriasis

This disease causes low self esteem -- as many people thing that it is contagious-it is NOT .

Vitamin D is a potent immune modulator, making it very important for the prevention of autoimmune diseases.

Vitamin D is known to reduce adaptive immunity (T Cells) therefore reduce the overproduction of skin cells.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 

Sunlight triggers the synthesis of vitamin D, causing immune cells to travel to the outer layer of the skin where they are able to protect and help repair damaged skin.    

Vitamin D is actually able to enter cancer cells and trigger apoptosis (cell death).



########################################## 

Despite its name, vitamin D is not a regular vitamin. It's actually a steroid hormone that you are designed to obtain primarily through sun exposure, not via your diet.

Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin, which means if you have a gastrointestinal condition that affects your ability to absorb fat, you may have lower absorption of fat-soluble vitamins like vitamin D as well.  This includes gut conditions like celiac and non-celiac gluten sensitivity.

 

Remember , UVB radiation does not penetrate glass, so exposure to sunshine indoors through a window does not produce vitamin D.

Vitamin D overdose is impossible from UV exposure; the skin reaches an equilibrium where the vitamin degrades as fast as it is created. Individuals with limited sun exposure in cold and dark countries need to include good sources of vitamin D in their diet or take a supplement.



 If your body has ample vitamin D levels, it helps reduce bad cholesterol and increases good cholesterol. It also helps in the essential repair and maintenance activities of the body.

Melatonin is a hormone secreted in by your pineal gland  at night in darkness. Melatonin’s immediate precursor is the neurotransmitter serotonin, which is a major player in uplifting your mood.
Like serotonin, melatonin plays important roles in your physical and mental health.

Insufficient melatonin production can set you up for:-- 
Decreased REM sleep.
Decreased immune function
Accelerated cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth (including leukemia)
Blood pressure instability
Decreased free radical scavenging
Increased plaques in the brain, like those seen with Alzheimer’s disease
Increased risk of osteoporosis
Diabetic microangiopathy (capillary damage)
Not getting enough sleep may even accelerate aging and shorten your lifespan.

Obesity


 

Low melatonin levels to depression in a variety of populations, including multiple sclerosis patients and post-menopausal women. Clearly, anything that negatively effects melatonin production is likely to have a detrimental effect on your mood.

Having a light on at night squelches the production of melatonin.   In addition to dampening your mood, a confused body clock can result in increased appetite and unwanted weight gain which makes you look like a HALWAI 





Sleeping in a pitch-black bedroom is an important and relatively easy lifestyle choice to make for your health.    Even the dim glow from your clock radio could be interfering with your ability to sleep -- and more importantly, your long term health and risk of developing cancer or major depression.



Working nights has been linked to significantly lower levels of serotonin, which has negative effects on your mood.  Changes in light exposure can alter levels of the hormones melatonin and serotonin, which help regulate mood and sleep. 



Increase in sleep hormone melatonin, prevents the loss of serotonin and dopamine – two hormones responsible for human happiness..

Melatonin suppression has far worse consequences than simply poor sleep outcomes: it has also been shown to increase the risk of cancer, impair immune system function, and possibly lead to cardiometabolic consequences such as type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and heart disease.

Melatonin suppression is intensity dependent.  Lower intensities can have similar suppression effects at longer durations; for example, two hours at 500 lux would have a similar effect as one hour at 1000 lux. 

When sunlight hits our eyes, a message is sent to the pineal gland in the brain and production of melatonin ( hormone that makes us drowsy ) is shut down until the sun goes down again. 

Your body gets a clear signal that it’s no longer night and this helps to maintain a normal circadian rhythm. When it gets dark outside, your body gets the signal again and you feel tired and drowsy at bedtime. 

Known as the body’s most efficient free-radical scavenger with an impressive ability to control oxidative damage, melatonin has powerful antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and immune properties. 

These properties function as brain, heart, neurological, cognitive and cancer protection through the reduction of trauma from brain injury; preventing heart muscle damage; neuroprotection; increasing cognitive functioning; and offering cancer support and reducing the toxic effects of chemotherapy.



Human growth hormone ( HGH ) is an important part of the body’s endocrine system.  HGH is released by the brain into the bloodstream during sleep, and its release is part of the repair and restoration function of sleep.

The pituitary gland releases growth hormone non-continuously – the release looks like a pulse.  Sleep and exercise induce the release of the hormone.

Sleep helps us thrive by contributing to a healthy immune system, and can also balance our appetites by helping to regulate levels of the hormones ghrelin and leptin, which play a role in our feelings of hunger and fullness. So when we’re sleep deprived, we may feel the need to eat more, which can lead to weight gain and that HALWAI look.

Melatonin is at the forefront of cancer immunotherapy: providing immune boost properties, working with anti-tumor systems, improving tumour killing power , decreasing adverse side effects of chemotherapy and radiation including low platelet count, neurotoxicity, cardiotoxicity and mouth sores .

Melatonin is an anti-oxidant 10 times better than vitamin E.  Melatonin is decreased in schizophrenia, particularly in chronic patients.   

Suryanamaskar  tells our body to prepare for our daily routine. During this time our body releases cortisol and adrenalin to get our bodies going and serotonin to help our brain wake up.

As the sun rises and gets stronger these levels of adrenalin and serotonin increase along with our core temperature and metabolism making us hungry. By mid-afternoon our metabolism is peaking. This is a prime time for physical activity as we can convert fat into energy more efficiently now than at any other time during the day.

The disruption in melatonin levels may be why shift working is linked to a wide array of health issues including cancer.     Melatonin is a powerful hormone, not a sleeping pill. When we take a hormone into our body, it has the ability to not only disrupt our regulation of that specific hormone, but many other hormones.   



Melatonin supplements should absolutely not be dolled out like candy , for sleep problems - like what modern doctors do. 


When I work late at night on my computer , I wear my amber Rayban shades – I call it  “melatonin glasses” at least an hour before bed. Even brief exposure to blue LED light in the middle of the night can disrupt your melatonin balance.




Sunlight contains ultraviolet (UV) rays that come in three different lengths: UV-A, UV-B, and UV-C.

Ultraviolet A or (UVA) spans 315 to 400 nm. UV-A is responsible for sunburns in humans. This band  is used in cosmetic artificial sun tanning (tanning booths and tanning beds) and PUVA therapy for psoriasis.  

UVA rays are longer in wavelength than UVB.  Longer wavelengths are reflected slightly more than shorter wavelengths. UV-A has less energy than UV-B, and is not absorbed by ozone in the atmosphere. However, it can be blocked from the surface by cloud cover .  

While it is absorbed less readily by water, it can penetrate deeper than UV-B or UV-C.  Most glass used for windows blocks UVB but not UVA.


 Ultraviolet B or (UVB) range spans 280 to 315 nm.  UV-B rays are the ones that are capable of producing vitamin D in your body by acting on cholesterol found in your skin.  

When buying sunglasses make sure you get a pair that says it blocks 100 percent of UVA and UVB rays, or says UV 400 (which means it blocks all UVA and UVB rays). While glass does block most UVB rays, UVA rays still penetrate through glass.  

When your skin is exposed to UVB radiation from the sun,  it begins to produce vitamin D3 - which is converted by the liver and kidneys to  CALCITRIOL (Active form of vitamin D) needed for organ and cell functions.   UVB radiation penetrates uncovered skin and converts cutaneous 7-dehydrocholesterol to previtamin D3, which in turn becomes vitamin D3.

Exposure to morning sunlight also helps raise body temperature to normal (after a slight reduction during sleep), and numerous brain activities including increased alertness and better cognition—helping mood and vitality.

UV-B will reach greater depths in saline water than in freshwater and can reach as deep as 20m below the surface of the ocean 


Ultraviolet C or (UVC) range, which spans a range of 100 to 280 nm. The term ultraviolet refers to the fact that the radiation is at higher frequency than violet light (and, hence, also invisible to the human eye). Due to absorption by the Ozone layer of the atmosphere very little reaches Earth's surface. 

This spectrum of radiation has germicidal properties, and is used in germicidal lamps.UVC is the highest-energy, most-dangerous type of ultraviolet radiation, and causes adverse effects that can variously be mutagenic or carcinogenic.

Surya Namaskar is designed to do sun gazing at low altitude so that  our eyes to get vitamin A during the 1 hour safe period window.  Vitamin A is necessary for the health of the eye, the only vitamin that the eye requires. If you sun gaze, the spectacles and the associated power in the eye will go away and this will provide better eyesight without glasses.

Radio waves have wavelengths that range from several millimeters to hundreds of kilometers. Knowing this  is important because it means that for an object to stop the waves, it needs to be as large or larger than the wavelength. When a body is warmer than its environment, it emits infrared radiation.

The is also true for the warmed up surface of the Earth: The surface of the Earth emits infrared radiation.

Because infrared radiation has a different wavelength than solar radiation, its transmission behaviour through the atmosphere is different: 25% will be transmitted and 75% will be reflected back to the Earth.   

This leads to a further increase of temperature on Earth.

The sun emits radiation—in the form of electromagnetic rays—which reaches you here on earth. While the visible part of this spectrum lights up your world, other parts of the spectrum including ultraviolet B (UVB) and ultraviolet A (UVA) have varying effects. 

Yoga ( Suryanamsar )realizes that’s unlight contains all the frequencies in the visible spectrum, known to be beneficial to the body’s endocrine system organs and glands

Our ancient scriptures expound the CHAKRA system which  has recognized light energy frequencies in the body.

Every chakra correlates functioning of specific ductless endocrine glands to a color in the light spectrum (and to musical notes), thus effecting the body’s hormonal production.

Well, well- what do they know !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/chakra-vortex-scalar-energy-transciever.html





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/total-internal-reflection-capt-ajit.html





UVA absorbed by the early morning low angle sunshine during Suryanamaskar lowers blood pressure, increases blood flow and heart rate, all of which are beneficial to the heart and blood vessels.  

Nitric oxide is involved in the regulation of cardiovascular, pulmonary, and central nervous system function.


AGNIHOTRA RELEASES NITRIC OXIDE.  

 THIS IS NO SUPERSTITION.

PEOPLE WHO KNOW QUANTUM PHYSICS WILL VOUCH THAT THERE ARE NO SUPERSTITIONS IN HINDUISM ( EXCEPT THOSE INJECTED BY THE WHITE INVADER AND HIS INDIAN STOOGES ) 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/agnihotra-ghee-cow-dung-fuel-capt-ajit.html


Well, well -what do they know !


During Suryanamaskar mantras along with UVA causes the release of nitric oxide from skin stores, which promotes widening of blood vessels.  




It also acts as an antioxidant to prevent damage to cells.

Pranayama boosts Nitric Oxide.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/pranayama-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



The western populations are gonna be in SHIT STREET very soon.  



The incubation period for VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE is getting over in 6 years.  



The disease has already started and is being camouflaged as Alzheimer’s disease.



Only Nitric oxide by Suryanamaskar and can save them. 




All these uppity gora gaands  who POOH POOHED ancient India will have to lick back their own spit from the dirty streets .





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html



Visible range or light spans 380 to 780 nm. As the name suggests, it is this range that is visible to the naked eye.  



Stupid idiot nay CHOOT Isaac Newton would believe only what your 5 senses picked up.    



Quantum physics is BEYOND the 5 human senses. 



Our ancient seer Maharishis with 12 strand DNA laid out the foundation of Quantum physics in our ancient 7000 year old Sanskrit scriptures -none of which is superstition.

The world is coming back to Hinduism.   In another 2 decades the ENTIRE white Christian population will prefer to be cremated rather than buried.  

The Muslims are stuck , due to APOSTASY laws of hard-core Islamic Mullahs  –  their families may lose their lives.


Infrared range that spans 700 nm to 1,000,000 nm (1 mm). It is responsible for an important part of the electromagnetic radiation that reaches Earth. It is also divided into three types on the basis of wavelength:

Infrared-A: 700 nm to 1,400 nm
Infrared-B: 1,400 nm to 3,000 nm
Infrared-C: 3,000 nm to 1 mm.


Many animals (including humans) have a sensitivity range of approximately 400–700 nm
Wavelengths cycles are measured in nanometers (nm) from peak to peak.

The shorter the wavelength, the more energy it has. Blue light has more energy than red light.

Solar radiation is measured in wavelengths or frequency. As light travels in a wave, a wavelength is defined as the distance from peak to peak and is measured in nanometers (nm).



Frequency is defined as wavelength cycles per second and is expressed in hertz (Hz).

Bands with shorter wavelengths produce higher frequencies. Likewise, the longer the wavelength, the longer it will take to complete a cycle, which produces a lower frequency.   Shorter wavelengths are more energetic than longer ones.



This means that ultraviolet radiation is more energetic than infrared radiation.   Due to this extra energy, shorter wavelengths tend to cause more harm than longer wavelengths .

The more energy a wavelength has, the easier it is to disrupt the molecule that absorbs it. Ultraviolet light UVA (which has the highest energy) can cause damage to DNA and other important cellular structures .




In a body of water, infrared light can only reach a certain distance below the surface. 90% of infrared radiation is absorbed in the first meter of the water’s surface, and only 1% can reach past two meters in pure water.   This is why the surface of most bodies of water are warmer than the depths.


As visible light reaches Earth, a surface will absorb or reflect different wavelengths, producing a visible color. The wavelength reflected by a surface is the color that it appears to be . If the surface reflects all of the visible wavelengths, it will appear white..


Most plants appear green as the chlorophyll in their cells reflects green light . Water often appears blue as this color travels the deepest before being absorbed. While on land, plants use nearly all of the visible range for photosynthesis. However, even underwater when only blue light is available, photosynthesis can still occur.

The leaves of sun plants are small and thick, with special cells allowing for these higher rates . Shade plants conduct photosynthesis at a lower radiation intensity level. Their leaves are thinner, longer and contain fewer chlorophyll cells. This makes it easier for photosynthesis to occur in low light conditions.

Oxygen is a byproduct of photosynthesis . The process ensures that more oxygen is produced than is used up by organisms in the surrounding environment. If photosynthesis does not produce enough dissolved oxygen underwater, it can create anoxic conditions where fish and other organisms cannot live . 

Photosynthesis also consumes carbon dioxide, thus lowering carbon dioxide levels in air and water .

The angle of the sun determines solar irradiance. The greater the angle, the lower the solar intensity.  Optimal photosynthetically active radiation is the band from 400-700 nm, which encompasses the visible light spectrum.


Visible light is the only band of light on the spectrum to be considered photosynthetically active. It has the perfect amount of energy to excite the electrons needed to start photosynthesis.

Fish that live near the surface have similar visual abilities to those of organisms on land.   Many fish are also equipped with UV vision, giving them an opportunity to see animals that are transparent in visible light


Nerve-signaling chemicals called neurotransmitters control whether we are asleep or awake by acting on different groups of nerve cells, or neurons, in the brain. Neurons in the brainstem, which connects the brain with the spinal cord, produce neurotransmitters such as serotonin and norepinephrine that keep some parts of the brain active while we are awake. 

Other neurons at the base of the brain begin signaling when we fall asleep. These neurons appear to "switch off" the signals that keep us awake.

You get good REM sleep when you do Suryanamaskar.

Many antidepressants suppress REM sleep.. Many people who suffer from insomnia try to solve the problem with alcohol – the so-called night cap. While alcohol does help people fall into light sleep, it also robs them of REM and the deeper, more restorative stages of sleep. Instead, it keeps them in the lighter stages of sleep, from which they can be awakened easily.

 Infants generally require about 16 hours a day, while teenagers need about 9 hours on average. For most adults, 7 to 8 hours a night appears to be the best amount of sleep.. The amount of sleep a person needs also increases if he or she has been deprived of sleep in previous days. 

Getting too little sleep creates a "sleep debt," which is much like being overdrawn at a bank. Eventually, your body will demand that the debt be repaid. We don't seem to adapt to getting less sleep than we need; while we may get used to a sleep-depriving schedule, our judgment, reaction time, and other functions are still impaired.

REM sleep stimulates the brain regions used in learning. This may be important for normal brain development during infancy, which would explain why infants spend much more time in REM sleep than adults .  REM sleep affects learning of certain mental skills. People taught a skill and then deprived of non-REM sleep could recall what they had learned after sleeping, while people deprived of REM sleep could not.

People who do NOT get proper REM sleep can do PHD in a subject.    But after a year he has forgotten everything he learnt and is unable to put what he learnt in practice.  You can see that most of your bosses belong to this category and they illtreat you, so that fear can make you fill up his blanks and sustain his job security.  Without REM sleep you will lack perception.

REM sleep helps  prevent seizures that begin in one part of the brain from spreading to other brain regions, while deep sleep may promote the spread of these seizures. Sleep deprivation also triggers seizures in people with some types of epilepsy.

People with depression have very little REM sleep.  They often awaken in the early hours of the morning and find themselves unable to get back to sleep. The amount of sleep a person gets also strongly influences the symptoms of mental disorders. Sleep deprivation is an effective therapy for people with certain types of depression, while it can actually cause depression in other people. 

Extreme sleep deprivation can lead to a seemingly psychotic state of paranoia and hallucinations in otherwise healthy people, and disrupted sleep can trigger episodes of mania (agitation and hyperactivity) in people with manic depression.

Sleeping problems are common in many other disorders as well, including Alzheimer's disease, stroke, cancer, and head injury. These sleeping problems may arise from changes in the brain regions and neurotransmitters that control sleep, or from the drugs used to control symptoms of other disorders. In patients who are hospitalized or who receive round-the-clock care, treatment schedules or hospital routines also may disrupt sleep.

 The old joke about a patient being awakened by a nurse so he could take a sleeping pill contains a grain of truth. Our good old Florence Nightingale was one such.




Once REM sleeping problems develop, they can add to a person's impairment and cause confusion, frustration, or depression. Patients who are unable to sleep also notice pain more and may increase their requests for pain medication.

Go to bed at a set time each night and get up at the same time each morning. Disrupting this schedule may lead to insomnia.

We typically enter REM approximately 90 minutes after falling asleep.

The first cycle of REM often lasts only a short amount of time, but each cycle becomes longer. This is why we need long periods of sleep each night as most of the REM sleep occurs in the hours before awakening.

If we get short periods of sleep, we can’t really get through the stages we need to heal and stay healthy. When you’re in a rapid eye movement (REM) sleep cycle, your body shuts down the production of norepinephrine, a neurotransmitter that constricts the blood vessels leading to your penis. It does this so it can begin the repair and rebuilding process of your pipes.

So if you miss out on this REM sleep cycle, or fail to stay in it long enough, norepinephrine will stay elevated all night long, which will impact your wood the following morning.

This happens because norepinephrine constricts blood flow, which prevents the vasodilation of your corpus cavernosa, and if you can’t dilate the cavernosa, you can’t get an erection.



This lack of nighttime blood flow will also cause other problems, because the rush of blood into your penis at night oxygenates and repairs vascular smooth muscle cells while you sleep.

This process is so hard wired into humans, it even happens to women in a process called Nocturnal Clitoral Tumescence (clitorial erections) when they’re in REM sleep.

Schizophrenia is a chronic mental disease that disturbs several cognitive functions, such as memory, thought, perception and volition. Schizophrenia is a disease that usually evolves with outbreaks and affects approximately 3% of the western population due to their decadent lifestyle.

Hallucinations and delusion are core positive symptoms of schizophrenia has been implicated in lack of  REM sleep.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/06/alpha-state-and-earths-heartbeat-of-783.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/7000-year-old-vedic-brain-wave-theories.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/in-theta-state-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/beyond-theta-state-to-turiya-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/delta-brain-waves-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/gamma-brain-waves-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/the-dreamer-and-rem-sleep-witness-and.html


If your children study for their exams in natural daylight bathed rooms, they will score better grades.  They must sleep in DARK rooms so that melatonin is secreted for proper REM sleep.  Otherwise they will have to revise again and again and go for exams with the felling that they do NOT remember anything.

When you buy a home make sure that your bed room gets plenty of morning sunshine.  Ancient Indian VAASTU considered all this. Nowadays even Christians and Muslims believe in Vaastu and are willing to spend more money on flats which include elements of Vaastu.  This is NOT superstition.

 Daylight is FREE and an unlimited natural resource  . You don’t have to pay a monthly bill for it.  When the interiors of the ome is bathed in sunlight, it remains VERMIN and FUNGUS free.  People who suffer from allergies must understand this.

EVIL PHARMA ND MODERN DOCTORS WILL ONLY GIVE YOUR CURES FOR ALLERGY . THEY WILL NEVER SHOW YOU HOW TO PREVENT IT.  THEY WILL CONVINCE YOU THAT YOUR PROBLEM IS GENETIC . 

THEY NEED TO LAUGH ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK, RIGHT ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html




These doctors even made their handwriting illegible, so that they cant be nailed in a court of law.  Help is at hand, for now in USA doctors have to TYPE a prescription or allow a qualified pharmacist to give you the medicine prescription .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-doctors-write-illegible.html

Western doctors cannot do tests on lab rats when it comes to BRAIN DISEASES like Alzheimer’s and Variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

They need conscious mammals for this.  

Conscious mammals can see themselves in a mirror and see in colour. They are only a couple of them, like elephants, bonobos, dolphins etc.

This is the reason why you get CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES in India where our tribals ( healthy in body and mind ) are used as guinea pigs.


All are in cahoots including BENAMI media.. 



Doctors and politicians who co-operate are bribed . Those who are already every rich are given sexual jaunts abroad .





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/guinea-pigs-for-untested-medicines.html






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html




AS SOON AS THE WHITE MAN FOUND THAT HUMPED COWS OF INDIA ARE RESISTANT TO MAD COW DISEASE , THEY MADE A CLEAN SWITCH USING "MILK MAN " FROM MY HOMETOWN CALICUT,  A KERALA SYRIAN JEW NAY CHRISTIAN VARGHESE KURIAN.

TODAY WE HAVE HUMPLESS COWS IN INDIA , WHILE THE WEST HAS SNATCHED AWAY OUR PRICELESS VEDIC HUMPED COWS WHICH ARE RESISTANT TO DISEASE AND GIVE NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK..

EVERY INDIAN MUST READ THE POST BELOW .  

OUR ZIONIST DARLING APCO BRANDED PM MODI KNOWS ALL THIS , YET HE WANTS TO EXPORT HIS GUJARAT MILK MODEL TO MONGOLIA.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

READ THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA NEWS . THEY GIVE BARE MINIMUM INFORMATION ABOUT HUMPLESS COW AND THEIR TOXIC A1 MILK


http://www.ahmedabadmirror.com/ahmedabad/others/Put-health-warning-on-milk-packs/articleshow/47193809.cms


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/PIL-demands-milk-ingredients-statutory-warning-printed-on-milk-bags/articleshow/47192850.cms


THANKS TO APCO MODIs GUJARAT MODEL WE GET ONLY TOXIC A1 MILK FROM HUMPLESS FOREIGN COWS IN INDIA .

WHAT IS THE USE OF EARNING MONEY WHEN ALL MONEY YOU SAVE WILL BE SPENT ON EVIL PHARMA WHO BRIBE OUR POLITICIANS ?


OUR BENAMI MEDIA AND THEIR SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES TELL US EVERY DAY THAT HOMOSEXUALS WHO DO ANAL SEX ARE THE SALT - NAY- BOUNTY OF THIS PLANET .  

BENAMI MEDIA PUSH DECADENCE AND GAY MARRIAGES IN INDIA USING " EMINENT CITIZENS" WHO ARE PAID STOOGES OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER .  

ALL THIS BREAKING UP OF INDIAN FAMILY VALUES - WAS RAMPANT IN ATAL BIHARI VAJPAYEES TIME. 

AND NOW WE HAVE IT AGAIN IN MODI TIME 




EVEN THE INDIAN SUPREME COURT SAYS -  LIVE IN RELATIONSHIP IS NOW NORMAL.

It is extreme judicial over reach for indian supreme court to say that "living in together " is  ACCEPTABLE .  

The judiciary is just ONE pillar among four . 

Can the Indian judiciary say Indian Muslims must eat pork/ wear mini skirts because in the West , Muslims eat pork/ wear miniskirts  ? 

Who has authorised the Indian judiciary to engage in CULTURAL TERRORISM ?


http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/supreme-court-acknowledges-live-in-relationships/1/453665.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/cultural-terrorism-by-benami-media-and.html



LIKE HOW CHITPAVAN MADHURI DIXIT SAYS MAGGI NOODLES IS HEALTHY BREAKFAST WHILE JUMPING AROUND LIKE A SACK OF POTATOES WITH A FAKE ENGLISH ACCENT ----

-- OUR OWN PM MODI BRAGS ABOUT HIS GUJARAT AMUL MILK MODEL AND GUJARAT MILK MARKETING FEDERATION MODEL , WHICH GIVES ONLY TOXIC A1 HUMPLESS COW MILK .


http://www.india-forums.com/forum_posts.asp?TID=4385976




BELOW, CHECK OUT KERALA SYRIAN JEW NAY CHRISTIAN , VERGHESE KURIAN ,WHO MADE A SWITCH FROM PRICELESS VEDIC HUMPED COWS TO USELESS WESTERN HUMPLESS COW IN INDIA .

http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/verghese-kurien-milk-revolution-dead/1/216598.html

TODAY BRAZIL AND WESTERN NATIONS ARE MINTING BILLIONS OF DOLLARS BY SELLING VEDIC HUMPED COW SEMEN AND EMBRYOS.  

THE WHITE TOURISTS TOOK AWAY FROZEN HUMPED COW EMBRYOS FROM INDIA SEVERAL DECADES AGO.  

SOME OF OUR HUMPED COWS WENT FROM NEPAL , USED AS A MIDDLE MAN  . 

HUMPED COWS WERE EXPORTED FOR BEEF  BY TROJAN HORSE NGOs , BUT ACTUALLY THEY WERE SHIPPED ABROAD FOR REARING . 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/trojan-horse-foreign-funded-ngos-of.html



TODAY ZIONIST DARLING MODI HAS MADE VISA ON ARRIVAL FOR THESE FOREIGN DESH DROHIS.


THEY HAVE FUDGED THE PHOTOS OF COWS GIVING A2 MILK -  THESE A2 MILK GIVING COWS ARE ESSENTIALLY HUMPED VEDIC COWS.


ONCE THE PURE VEDIC HUMPED COW IS INTERBRED BY MIXING, IT GIVES TOXIC 1 MILK.


http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2015/03/california-consumers-are-about-to-get-a-taste-of-a2-milk/#.VblbY7Oqqko


EVERY TIME NARENDRA MODI BOASTS ABOUT HIS GUJARAT MODEL ON TV ,  IT BECOMES TERRIBLY IRRITATING . 


MR NARENDRA MODI CAN YOU THINK OF BHARATMATA FIRST ?


I WANT MY READERS TO FLOOD THIS VALUABLE INFORMATION ON THE INTERNET. 


WHEN A ANIMAL SHIT CLEANER BECOMES THE RICHEST MAN IN A CIRCUS SOMETHING IS WRONG.


SAME WAY WHEN A PHARMA GUY BECOMES THE RICHEST MAN IN INDIA, SOMETHING IS DRASTICALLY WRONG.


http://www.livemint.com/Companies/miZYTYmtOEexDuSG2YWmZK/Dilip-Shanghvi-becomes-Indias-richest-person.html




In cold and dark north latitude nations , suicides are higher when there is darkness during a significant part of the day.

SAD or Seasonal Affective Disorder, a clinically diagnosed condition in which the lack of sunlight in winter makes people feel ill.   

Natural light helps people to feel better but it can also aid the healing process.  In hospitals, studies have proven that the recovery rate of patients is accelerated where levels of natural light are increased. Looking out at gardens brings faster healing in patients,



Modern studies have proved that people with seasonal affective disorder, getting a lot of light early in the morning can help reset their internal clock. This is what ancient Suryanamaskar is for.


As winter approaches and the days get shorter, millions of people once again develop the sadness and loss of energy that is characteristic of seasonal affective disorder. 

Seasonal affective disorder is regarded as a kind of major depression and has many of the same symptoms: loss of energy, change in appetite, tendency to oversleep, difficulty concentrating, and irritability.

But unlike major depression, it occurs seasonally, usually beginning in September or October and lasting through March or April IN North latitude European countries.



Someone who has suffered these symptoms for two consecutive winters, but does not have symptoms of depression during the spring and summer months, probably has seasonal affective disorder. 7% of the white race is affected by seasonal affective disorder.

The body uses serotonin in manufacturing melatonin, the chemical that makes us sleepy. 
Concentrations of serotonin drop to their lowest levels during the winter and rise to their highest levels in summer and fall.





My post on Chikungunya saves lot of people around this planet. Same way my post of Suryanamaksr has saved lot of people on this planet .  

The reduced level of sunlight in fall and winter cause winter-onset SAD. This decrease in sunlight may disrupts your body's internal clock and lead to feelings of depression.

 A drop in serotonin, a neurotransmitter that affects mood,  plays a role in SAD. Reduced sunlight can cause a drop in serotonin that may trigger depression.

The change in season can disrupt the balance of the body's level of melatonin, which plays a role in sleep patterns and mood.



Serotonin, the neurotransmitter that regulates appetite, sleep, memory, and mood is lower during the winter than the summer.

Doing Suryanamaskar early in the morning, tells your body that it’s no longer nighttime. 



Neurological, cardiovascular, and immune diseases are associated with vitamin D deficiency. By increasing your exposure to sunlight, you can decrease your risk for these diseases.


A window view positively contributes to eye health—frequent changes in focal distance relax the eye muscles, helping to prevent the eyestrain so often associated with prolonged computer use. This makes the employee more creative.


The EVIL PHARMA and modern doctors has laughed all the way to the bank by making the sun our enemy. They created a scare that ultraviolet rays cause to skin cancer.   The large hearted internet has set you free.


Doing Suryanamaskar in the early morning is NOT the same as doing it in other times of the day.  Bipolar patients in east-facing hospital rooms stayed nearly five  days fewer than those in west-facing ones.


When it comes to the internal clock, some types of light are more equal than others. The eye perceives three main colours in light: red, green and blue, each vibrating at a different wavelength. In the morning, high concentrations of blue occur naturally; by dusk we are left mostly with green and red. 

The blue light has the greatest impact on our circadian system, telling the brain that it’s morning and time to be alert, and setting our clock for the day. That is important because we sleep soundly, and our brain and body function better, when the internal signals of the body clock are in sync with external cues of day and night.


The problem is that artificial light does not replicate the colours of the natural world. Much electric light has high intensities of blue, so it deceives our brains into thinking that it’s daytime even when it isn’t.

Our homes could mirror the natural world, with shining blue in the morning, and gentler reds and greens later at night.  We do NOT want Mumbai Irani restaurant type white fluorescent tubelight in our homes.  Have you seen any % or 7 star hotel in India or abroad having white fluorescent tubelights.  My own bungalow has only golden lights.

Make sure your toilet gets sunlight inside. In olden days our homes has toilets outside with windows which allowed sunlight in for natural and free disinfection. 

Water and mold growth are interrelated variables, making bathrooms a hot spot for exposure in the home environment.     Although fungal spores are present everywhere, it is when dampness and moisture are uncontrolled that fungi grow and develop into visible mold.

Flushing the toilet produces aerosols that are capable of causing surface contamination within the toilet and bathroom.    Many enteric pathogens are spread by the fecal-oral transmission route.

Droplets containing fecal matter, after toilet flushing, is an infection hazard, particularly during acute diarrheal illnesses. In my bunglow all toilets have the fan exhaust attached to the switch –you can put on the light without putting on the exhaust fan. 

All these attached toilet business came with the white invader. The goragaand has shit on it. Even his bedsheets contain shit as he does NOT do waterwork following paper word after a crap.

Here is a statistical study done in USA

QUOTE:-  In one particular study of bacterial counts after toilet flushing, the most bacteria was found on the toilet seat.
Closing the toilet lid had little effect in reducing the number of bacteria released into the air due to gaps between the top of the porcelain rim and the seat.  There is also a gap between the seat and the lid allowing aerosols to  escape into the room.
Another heavily colonized area was the recess under the rim of the toilet where limescale often accumulates, which aids in bacterial retention.
Of the 100-500 grams of feces excreted per day by the average America, it has been estimated that approximately 0.1 gram of residual fecal matter remains on the undergarment of any person .
Because home machines use water at temperatures of 25-60oC, the water is less effective at killing microbes. Washing machines are contaminated after use and can spread bacteria, such as Staphylococcus aureus (a common cause of skin infections), from previous loads to future loads of laundry. 
Viruses, in general, are more resistant to disinfection by chlorination and detergents than bacteria.  The most important steps in the reduction of viruses were the addition of bleach and drying in an automatic dryer.   

 If lower temperature washes are used LESS than 45 deg C the addition of hypochlorite bleach is necessary for effective decontamination if the laundry load has shit infused undies or panties as the case may be. 

These are the same people who make a lot of FALTHU NAATAK after a pee , washing their hands and drying it under a blower and what not.  

They forget all this when it comes to gay fellatio and analingus 
.
ARRGGH  PTHEEOOYYYY !

UNQUOTE.

OOPS-- 

AARRGGHH PPTHEEEOOOYYY SHOULD HAVE COMES AFTER THE UNQUOTE.

EXCUJE ME PLEAAAJJEEE !

I USUALLY TAKE AN EMPTY WATER BOTTLE BEORE I GO FOR A CRAP IN A WESTERN AIRPORT TOILET.  

IF I DO NOT HAVE THE OTTLE I FIRST MAKE AT LEAST 6 TOILET PAPER PADS AND MAKE  IT MOIST .  

GORAGAANDS LOOK AT ME AS IF I SHOULD NOT BE DOING IT.

LOOK MAAA THIS GUY WANTS TO WASH HIS ASSHOLE AFTER A DUMP.

SO AFTER THE DRY PAPERWORK COMES THE WET PAPER WORK .   

SEE I AM IN A FIRST WORLD COUNTRY AIRPORT TOILET  . 

TEEE HEEEEEEE !


Almost all new born non-premature and non-premature babies who suffered from JAUNDICE  got it from hospitals with low levels of daylight .


In modern hospitals they mint money out of jaundiced babies.

They use phototherapy (light treatment) to eliminate bilirubin in the blood.  

Of course it costs money, right ?

The blue light changes the fat soluble bilirubin to a water soluble form.  The bilirubin is metabolized by the liver and is then cleared from the body in the stools and urine.

Your baby's skin and blood absorb these light waves.

Phototherapy treatment in the hospital is nothing but a row of lights  suspended at a distance form a baby. 

This would provide light shining directly on an undressed baby (with diaper on) whose eyes would need protection from the light with soft eye patches applied.



People with depression must know that exposure to bright light in the early morning is more effective than exposure to bright light in the evening .


Orange and yellow light, the dominant wavelengths in natural fire, don’t reduce melatonin production too much.   



This world is increasingly illuminated in artificial blue,  and hence the likelihood of damage to the retina and macula will increase.



Eat foods that will quickly rot – eat them before they do.  Virgin coconut oil gets rancid very fast . Avoid eating all processed foods and packages drinks which have long shelf life.


In Ayurveda we soak beans and nuts in water before we eat.   Soaking or sprouting converts starches to sugar, removes phytic acid,  which would combine with iron, calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc, blocking their absorption.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/sprouts-of-moong-or-mongo-beans-no-1.html

Sunlight lowers cholesterol by converting high cholesterol in the blood into steroid hormones. In the absence of sunlight, the opposite happens; substances convert to cholesterol.

Sunlight builds the immune system. The white blood cells, which increase with sun exposure, are called lymphocytes, and these play a major role in defending the body against infections. Regular sunlight exposure increases the growth and height of children, especially babies. Doctors normally recommend newborns to be exposed to early morning sunrays.

In 6000 year old Ayurveda  the hours between 10 p.m. and 3 a.m. are considered the nighttime rejuvenation cycle and the most essential for sleep.    Sleep deprivation can increase levels of corticosterone (a stress hormone), resulting in fewer new brain cells being created in your hippocampus.

Cell phones , laptops and other forms of technology can actually fool your brain into forgetting it’s nighttime.

The blue light from these devices tells our suprachiasmatic nucleus ( your internal clock) that it’s 2:00 in the afternoon, and not 2:00 in the morning.

When the circadian rhythm is out of whack , the timing of hormone release, metabolism, and other processes may become disturbed - contributing to various disease states.

Keep your cell phone as far from you as possible during sleep.   If you use your phone for an alarm, just turn up the volume so you’ll still hear it, and also be forced to get up when you need to.

A sunny day is equivalent to about 10,000 lux or higher of light. Indoor office lighting typically provides only about 300 to 500 lux.

Many of our schools have classrooms with no windows and our children are studying in artificial light with poor  ventilation.

 We now have hospitals where the sick are supposed to get well with no fresh air and sunlight whatsoever. There are office buildings where people work all day under artificial light breathing artificial air and go home at night feeling totally drained and irritable.

Houses and flat look into each other and people do NOT draw open the curtains for privacy.

EVIL people when they want to do evil things use dark caves.



Benjamin Franklin was one such man.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/snuff-movies-freemason-benjamin.html



Suryanamaskar enhances Ojas -- the main life-supporting force within your body. According to Ayurveda, insomnia is often caused by being out of sync with nature.


Suryanamaskar enhances Ojas -- the main life-supporting force within your body. According to Ayurveda, insomnia is often caused by being out of sync with nature.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/fathers-of-surgery-and-medicine-4200-bc.html


THE GREEKS COPIED FROM AYURVEDA AND CLAIMED IT FOR THEMSELVES .  THIS IS WHAT THE WHITE MAN HAS DONE SINCE TIME IMMEMORIAL--LIFT FROM INDIA AND PATENT THE KNOWLEDGE.  ANCIENT INDIANS NEVER LEFT THE AUTHORS NAME IN ANY SCRIPTURE, IT WAS CONSIDERED IRRELEVANT.


Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.

So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

Getting back--


In order to minimize melatonin suppression, one should keep exposure to light at night as short as possible, as dim as possible, and as warm or red as possible.


In all environments the eye and brain functions respond better to natural light, so people perform better.  Natural light increases endorphins and serotonin.

I ASK PEOPLE WHHO ARE FORCED TO WORK IN OFFICES WITHOUT DAYLIGHT, TO PRESENT THEIR MEDICAL BILLS TO THE OWNERS. 




Methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus MSRA and other other highly infectious bacteria is prevalent in many hospitals, where daylight is deficient and the natural disinfecting sunshine is absent.  

These bacteria are resistant to  commonly prescribed antibiotics. 

It is interesting to reflect that if daylight has such a dramatic and potent impact on killing streptococci, it’s surprising that its potential for reducing super-bug infections in hospitals, has not been fully investigated.



Sunlight builds the immune system. The white blood cells, which increase with sun exposure, are called lymphocytes, and these play a major role in defending the body against infections.


Sunblock has many draw backs. Most brands are laden with toxic chemicals such as:--

Oxybenzone, which is linked to hormone disruption and cell damage that may lead to skin cancer.
Retinyl palmitate, which has now been proven to be a carcinogen.
Octyl-methoxycinnamate causes oxidation damage of the skin, which ages your face.
Butyl-Methdiebenzoylmethane, which releases free radicals into the body.
Benzophenone 2 (BP2), decreases the function of the thyroid, in a population that is already seriously suffering from hypothyroidism (under active).

Sunblock stops the sun's ultra violet rays from creating Vitamin D in the body, which is essential for many functions such as:-

bone health
anti-cancer
supports the immune system
protects against dementia and brain aging
good for loosing excess fat
essential for decreasing symptoms of asthma
strengthens teeth

We are making a whole generation Vitamin D deficient with fear of the sun.


During Suryanamskar with sun at low altitude you look at the sun.   No harm will come to your eyes during early morning as long as you do it within one hour of sunrise.

It is scientifically proven beyond a reasonable doubt that during this window period ,one is free from UV and IR rays exposure, which is harmful to your eyes.  


Doing Suryanamaskar  enhances the generation of White Blood Cells (WBC) which kill germs like-bacteria and viruses. WBC also supports to fight against other toxic compounds in body andboost our immunity.

Sunshine increases oxygen carrying capacity of Red Blood Cells. So, it prevents the body from various infections as well as diseases. 


Sunlight has a beneficial effect on skin disorders, such as Psoriasis, acne, eczema and fungal infections of the skin and BO ( body odour ).


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/healing-by-increasing-cell-voltage-capt.html




The essential life process is a “little electrical current sent to us by the sunshine.” Without that light current, there is no health.

We can absorb sunlight energy and utilize its nutrients in a number of ways, including eating raw, plant-based food; getting moderate sun exposure on our skin; walking barefoot on dirt or sand; and by drinking or using sun-charged water.

The types of food that contain the highest amount of stored sun energy include raw nuts and seeds, sun-ripened fruits and vegetables, and sprouted or soaked grains.


When we eat raw, fresh plant foods, the stored sun nutrients find their way into our cells in the form of minute particles of light called biophotons. The higher the level of light energy the food emits, the greater its vitality and capacity to transfer those sun nutrients to the human body.

The degree to which any food can store biophotons should thus be the true measure of the quality of that food.

Biophotons contain important information that controls complex vital process in the human body


Biophotons are not only important within individual cells but are integral to the communication network of cells within the entire body.

Significantly higher levels of biophotons have been found in organically grown food, but also differences have been found in conjunction to ripeness, location, and freshness of the food.

The body’s cells use electrons to produce energy.  Electrons can vibrate at a higher energy level when they absorb electromagnetic (EM) energy.

Electrons possess wave properties and only exist at specific energy levels (mathematical integers of their wavelengths) - The energy levels are determined by which orbit they are in around an atom’s nucleus.

An atom’s electrons can only absorb or release that precise wavelength (“quanta”) of EM energy that will move it to a higher or lower orbit – electrons therefore absorb energy from  UV, visible and near infrared frequencies. i.e. the electromagnetic frequencies of sunlight that make it through the Earth’s atmosphere

High-energy electrons from sunlight transfer their energy to food - where it is stored as electrons in the covalent bonds of food molecules. When eaten, these high-energy “sun  electrons”  in live food molecules transfer their energy to us

Photons of sunlight (so called pi-electrons or “sun electrons”) are attracted and activated by sun-like electrons resonating in our own biological systems, especially in the double-bonded pi-electron clouds found in the fatty acids in out cell membranes.

Eating refined, cooked, highly processed food reduces the amount of solar electrons energizing our cells.

Providing electron energy for cellular ATP energy production - electron energy is converted to ATP across the cytochrome oxidase system of a cell.

High-energy electron foods resonate with energy coming into the body from the sun – the resonance with sunlight energy of the pi-electron clouds in the double bonds of natural, polyunsaturated fatty acids constituting the cell membrane, enhances the vibrational energy of our cells.

Ancient Maharishis knew how to use the sun to heal all kinds of illnesses, and bring about radiant health.

We are all beings of light, the dust of stars circulating in the cosmos. All life nourishes itself through this light






Nowadays my elder son races with his wife- on sports model cars.   

My son drives the MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE I bought for him after he secured a good job — an UNSUNG  beast .


My daughter in law drives the JAGUAR 2016 which my son gave as a wedding present -  a SUNG monster .



Jaguar 2016, F type , with Torque On Demand / Torque vectoring/ Intelligent Driveline Dynamics for slippery roads 







Grace and peace !




Om Jayanti Maṅgalā Kālī Bhadrakālī Kapālinī Durgā Kṣamā Śivā Dhātrī Svāhā Svadhā namo'stu te. Om.

Conqueror of all, remover of darkness, Auspicious one, beyond time, bearer of the Skulls of Impure Thoughts, Reliever of difficulties, loving forgiveness, supporter of the Universe. You are the one who truly receives the sacrificial offerings and the offerings to the ancestors. To you I bow.

 Jaya tvaṁ Devi chāmuṇḍe jaya bhūtārti-hāriṇi Jaya sarvagate Devi kāla-rātrī namo'stu te.

Victory, oh Goddess, slayer of passion and anger! Victory, reliever of the troubles of all existence! Victory, all-pervasive Goddess! You are the night at the end of time! To you I bow.

 Madhu-Kaiṭabha-vidrāvi vidhātṛ varade namaḥ Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

You who defeated the negative qualities of excess and sparseness, Giver of the blessings of the creative capacity, to you I bow. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

4 Mahiṣāsura-nirṇāśi bhaktānāṁ sukhade namaḥ Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

You who caused the destruction Mahiṣā, Giver of happiness to devotees, to you I bow. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

  Raktabīja-vadhe Devi Caṇḍa-Muṇḍa-vināśini Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

You who slew the demons Raktabīja, Caṇḍa and Muṇḍa, Oh Goddess, destroyer of passion and anger. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

 Śumbhasyaiva niśumbhasya Dhūmrākṣasya ca mardini Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

Slayer of the demons Śumbha, Niśumbha and Dhūmalocana. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

7 Vanditāṅghri-yuge Devi sarva-saubhāgya-dāyini Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

All revere your lotus feet, Oh Goddess, Giver of all that is beautiful. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

 Acintya-rūpa-carite sarva-śatru-vināśini Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

You of unimaginably beautiful form and energy, Destroyer of all obstacles, remover of all afflictions. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

 Natebhyaḥ sarvadā bhaktya Caṇḍike duritāpahe Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

For those who bow to you with devotion, You remove all sins and distress. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

1 Stuvadbhyo bhakti-pūrvam tvām Caṇḍike vyādhi-nāśini Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

Oh Goddess who cures all afflictions for those who praise you with devotion. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

Natebhyaḥ sarvadā bhaktya Caṇḍike duritāpahe Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

For those who bow to you with devotion, You remove all sins and distress. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

 Stuvadbhyo bhakti-pūrvam tvām Caṇḍike vyādhi-nāśini Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

Oh Goddess who cures all afflictions for those who praise you with devotion. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

 Caṇḍike satataṁ ye tvām archayantīha bhaktitaḥ Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

Oh Goddess who removes all confusion for those constant in their worṣhip. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

 Dehi saubhāgyam-ārogyaṃ dehi me paramaṃ sukham Rūpaṃ dehi jayaṃ dehi yaśo dehi dviṣo jahi.

Grant us good fortune, freedom from disease, and supreme happiness. Grant us your Form, grant us victory, grant us welfare, destroy all hostility.

I want to know what love is
I want you to show me
I know to feel what love is
I know you can show me
******************************************************************************
BODY BUILDING SUPPLEMENTS AND THEIR SIDE EFFECTS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
CREATINE,  WHEY PROTEIN , SYNTHETIC NITRIC OXIDE,  HUMAN GROWTH HORMONE INJECTIONS




Above: Check out the ONE INCH prick sans BALLS pointed upwards .



LIPOSUCTION AND HAIR IMPLANTS WORK, RIGHT ? 



BUT FOR THE CHIN LIFT, HE WOULD HAVE A TRIPLE CHIN .









MY WIFE JUST FIRED ME FOR BOASTING -  BUT THEN,  I NEED TO PROVIDE A REFERENCE, RIGHT ?  

WHEN YOU RETIRE AND LOOK YOUNG,  YOU HAVE DONE WELL !! 





WHEN THESE PHOTOS WERE TAKEN, ARNOLD BABY WAS 6 YEARS OLDER THAN ME AND ROCKY BABY WAS 7 YEARS OLDER.

MIND YOU,   I WORKED IN AN EXTREME STRESSFUL FIELD EXPOSED DAY AFTER DAY TO DEADLY CHEMICALS ,  GETTING TO EAT ONLY FROZEN AND PROCESSED FOODS , WITH POOR INTERRUPTED  SLEEP CYCLES  .   

BUT I HAVE NIL BODY BUILDING SUPPLEMENTS INSIDE ME .. 

THERE LIES THE DIFFERENCE   


90% of people who take body building supplements suffer from BDD.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/body-dysmorphic-disorder-bdd-increasing.html


Body dysmorphic disorder is also referred to as reverse anorexia.    


People with anorexia sees specific body parts as being too big, - on the contrary a person with BDD sees their body parts as being too small or too undeveloped.   

Supplements are used by body builders with BDD in the same way that diet pills are used by people with eating disorders.   

In both cases, the gullible person is being influenced by BENAMI media, Zionist culture, and what’s considered to be socially accepted standards of body type.


Doctors refer to muscle dysmorphia as bigorexia or reverse anorexia.  The term, muscle dysmorphia, refers to a subtype of body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), which is a type of obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD ) .  Due to the influence of EVIL PHARMA and the main stream media ,men have become increasingly dissatisfied with their perceived body images.

Lots of these guys are encouraged by coaches and trainers to take these supplements — who get a commission ( kickback ) from the manufacturers lobby .  

Men taking body building supplements are convinced that these things are healthy, without side effects.  There are thousands of Youtube videos on the net with musclemen ( with muscle between their ears )  praising these supplements .


Men with bigorexia spend excessive amounts of time working out in the gym, dieting, checking themselves in a mirror, comparing themselves to others, and seeking reassurance from others about their appearance.    Many of them also abuse anabolic steroids in an effort to build muscle mass and foster more lean muscle tissue.


It is a must to recognize the signs of bigorexia and differentiate them from behaviors of those who simply exercise and work out everyday to stay fit and healthy.


These people are mentally SICK and it is important to seek professional help.  Left untreated, this disorder can significantly reduce quality of life and result in severe depression. 

People with this condition may exhibit the following signs:--

Constantly worry about muscle size
Spend excessive amounts of time working out that interferes with social life or performance at school and work
Constantly scrutinizing muscles in the mirror
Weighing several times a day
Take great care to avoid looking at self in mirror
Wear baggy clothing in public to keep others from seeing his body —POT BELLY, GARGANTUAN ASS, PERCEIVED MAN BOOBS .
Feel great anxiety and distress when they miss a work out or deviate slightly from their strict diet




People with muscle dysmorphia may have insufficient levels of serotonin, an important neurotransmitter in the brain that affects mood and well-being.  



I would recommend Surya Namaskar for these unfortunate souls.



Fitness supplements are being marketed to the body building audience very aggressively, in the same way that diet products are being marketed to the general public. Billions of dollars ride on this industry and BRIBES rule . 



Creatine and Whey protein supplements complement each other nutritionally.   Protein is needed to build and maintain lean muscle mass while Creatine helps your muscles work harder during high-intensity workout sessions,  such as lifting heavy weights. 

These supplements cause your kidneys to work harder than normal.




Supplements are not inspected to the same manufacturing and quality standards as pharmaceutical drugs.     By calling a product a supplement or in fact a natural supplement does not automatically make it harmless and many of their ingredients can cause adverse effects on the human body. 

Mind you, the Zionist hijacked International Olympic Committee classifies creatine as a banned substance.  The body may stop producing its own creatine as a way to regain homeostasis when high amounts of supplemental creatine are taken regularly.

Excessive amounts of these natural ingredients or active ingredients that the body finds difficult to metabolise can place a major burden on the organs such as the liver and kidneys. When you liver and kidneys are out of WHACK you look old at a young age.

The liver is the ‘brain’ organ of the body which helps to detoxify blood, stores vitamins and iron, stores glycogen, breaks down insulin and regulates the fat burning hormones. 

The kidneys help with waste excretion, water level balance, blood pressure and acid balance within the blood.

Creatine, is a NON- ESSENTIAL  molecule that occurs naturally in the body


Creatine is already present in our muscle tissue and one it of its roles is to absorb water from the blood and then to shunt into our muscle tissue. This may cause muscle cramps and dehydration because shifting the body water away from the major organs into the skeletal muscle is a serious issue.

The worst scenario is kidney stones- especially if you consume hard water from borewells.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/06/kidney-and-gallbladder-stones-capt-ajit.html

Side effects of creatine include dizziness, high blood pressure, liver dysfunction and kidney damage.
Nausea, loose stools, cramping, upset stomach, weight gain, diarrhea and weakness usually occur when more than 4 grams of creatine are used per day.

Many protein powders contain aspartame, saccharin, fructose and this is combined with a cocktail of more artificial sweeteners.

They give you a FATTY LIVER.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html

Aspartame when broken down produces formaldehyde which causes damage to the nerves, liver and kidneys.  Many of the sweeteners within protein supplements are artificial and this makes them more difficult for the body to break down.


Aspartame they use in sugar free zero calorie artificial sugar is bad for heath .  Aspartame is comprised of methanol, phenylalanine and aspartic acid.  When aspartame breaks down it produces DKP. As your stomach digests DKP, it produces a chemical which causes  brain tumors. 

Emotional and mood disorders have been linked to aspartame.  Aspartame increases your hunger and  impedes your weight loss.   Phenylalanine and aspartic acid can cause spikes in insulin levels and force your body to remove the glucose from your blood stream and store it as fat. 


Aspartame inhibits the production of serotonin and prevents your brain from signalling to your body that you are full.  This leads to food cravings and make it more difficult for you to lose weight.

High levels of protein supplementation can produce a huge amount of acids within the body this is caused by the introduction of sulphates and phosphates. The kidneys counteract this increase in blood acid levels by secreting acid.    

AN ACIDIC BODY CAUSES CANCER

At the same time the bones release calcium which is unfortunately lost in your urine.

In the long term this can lead to weakening of the bones and osteoporosis.

High intake of protein can place a stress on the kidneys due to the increased levels of ketones. Ketones are a waste product of protein metabolism and if a weakness is already present in the kidneys- a high protein intake can further exacerbate any renal issues.

If you are consuming a high protein diet and not enough adequate carbs (this is a very common scenario for bodybuilders) then your body will be in a state of ‘ketosis’.

Ketosis is a metabolic process that occurs when the body does not have enough glucose for energy. Stored fats are broken down, resulting in a build-up of acids called ketones within the body.

This build- up of toxins sends the kidneys into overdrive and in this process more water is passed out as urine. This mechanism can increase the incidence of dehydration and it is further heightened when exercising due to sweat loss. Dehydration can lead to dizziness, sluggishness and in extreme cases heart function.

Some coaches encourage ketosis by following a diet called the ketogenic or low-carb diet. The aim of the diet is to try and burn off unwanted fat by forcing the body to rely on burning fat for energy, rather than carbohydrates.

Ketosis is also commonly observed in patients with diabetes, as the process can occur if the body does not have enough insulin. In normal circumstances, the body gets its energy from glucose.

Typically, glucose comes from carbohydrates - sugar and starchy foods such as bread and pasta - which the body is able to break down. Glucose can either be used to fuel the body or stored in the liver and muscles as a chemical called glycogen.1

If there is not enough glucose present, the body will resort to an alternative strategy in order to fuel itself.   Excess fat will begin to be broken down in order to provide a source of glucose. A by-product of this process are ketones.

Ketones are acids that build-up in the blood and can appear in urine.    In small amounts, they serve to indicate that the body is breaking down fat, but high levels of ketones can poison the body, leading to ketoacidosis.

Ketosis like I said,  is a metabolic process whereby the body converts fat into products that can be used to burn for energy, in turn making ketones.   Ketoacidosis is thus a condition whereby the levels of ketones in the body are at an abnormally high level, poisoning the body.

When in this state, lipid energy metabolism is intact. This means the body will begin to break down stored body fat to use as fuel, rather than source it from carbohydrates which you have ingested
Check out how my friends gangantuan ass became two tiny hamburger buns.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/type-2-diabetes-evolving-epidemic-in.html

High-protein, low-carbohydrate diets, are being widely promoted as effective weight loss plans. 
These programs generally recommend that dieters get 30% to 50% of their total calories from protein.

A good doctor who knows his job will recommend that you pursue a diet plan in which a smaller percentage of calories come from protein.  Normally your body burns carbohydrates NOT fat  for fuel. 

When your fat stores become a primary energy source, you may lose weight.   When you're on a high-protein diet, you may urinate more calcium than normal and this causes osteoporosis and kidney stones .

Creatine supplements cause kidney problems and  excessive dosages taken over a long period of time can lead to kidney failure.  If you already have kidney disease or decreased kidney function, avoid creatine supplements.

Kidneys  filters waste out of your body, called urea, caused during protein synthesis.


Many creatine users suffer from severe allergy .  Some creatine users have liver dysfunction.

A huge percentage of people had loss of libido after starting creatine supplementation- and their gora gaand wives started having affairs with men who had more HARD muscle power between the legs

A lot of people got  insomnia-  some got LOSS OF REM SLEEP. This causes “creatine induced irritability” or CREATINE RAGE.




Body builders who consume creatine has gastric side effects.  Diarrhoea, upset stomach, belching and farting are major  gastric side effects reported .    THEY KEEP FARTING TILL THE COWS COME HOME  

When diarrhoea is prolonged, it interferes with the absorption of nutrients from the gastrointestinal tract.

Water retention is THE number one side effect of creatine supplementation.  Most of the time BIG MUSCLES are actually water.  


Taking creatine supplements causes  water to enters the muscle cells along with the creatine.

How many of you think the hanging pouch is filled with muscle ? 




Kim Kardashian's gargantuan ass -- nay --THUNDER GAAND will be harder !! 

BAAAP RE !



TEE HEEEE !


Creatine is a molecule which, like glycogen, is stored with water.   Creatine monohydrate, the USUAL form of the supplement, combines a molecule of creatine with a molecule of water.

Water retention may cause dehydration because as the muscles absorb the water, your body has less fluid to use for important functions, such as regulating body temperature through your sweat. 


Creatine hydrates  your skeletal muscles as a result of a process called myofibril hydration.


By pulling water into your muscles from the rest of your body, less water is available to other body tissues and cells to perform their normal processes, causing dehydration.  

Effects of dehydration include dry mouth ( MO ) , fatigue, body cramps, mental confusion, dizziness, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.

Severe cases may result in seizures and even death.

Drinking plenty of  water may reduce the risk of dehydration due to creatine supplementation.
When too many body builders got de hydrated they made a new form of creating called CEE –which had other side effects.   

 AXIS labs said Creatine Ethyl Esters  is absorbed quickly into your muscle cells, reducing the stomach pain and bloating that can be caused by creatine use.   We know who runs Axis lab.

Like whey protein, creatine can also place excess stress on your kidneys by forcing them to process a greater number of metabolites.    Creatine and whey protein, when taken together, may place significant stress on your kidneys and hinder their ability to effectively filter out potentially harmful toxins and free radicals from your body.  

Drinking large amounts of water can help maintain normal blood plasma volume, which will make it easier for your kidneys to filter and process your blood.
Creatine, is a nitrogenous organic acid and affects the function of the liver .

Too much use of creatine supplements also causes low self esteem and anxiety caused gender conflict. You will find most of these creatine users are divorced or at loggerheads with their live in partners..

Widespread use of creatine  as a dietary supplement began only 22 years ago. Creatine supplementation is not currently banned by any athletic organization as the money making Zionist lobby is too strong .

Creating vain, selfish men is an agenda of the NEW WORLD ORDER.
The International Olympic Committee ruled that since creatine is readily found in meat and fish, there was no need to ban creatine. 

THIS IS NONSENSE.

Nitric oxide produced naturally by the body by PRANAYAMA is NOT the same as ingesting synthetic pills .

The supplement lobby argues -  Many athletes ingest high calorie concentrated carbohydrate drinks in an effort to increase muscle glycogen stores and/or supplement their diet.   If carbohydrate loading is not a banned practice, then creatine loading should not be banned.  

Creatine is NOT the same as carbohydrate.

Most of the men who developed testicular cancer were muscle-building Creatine supplement takers—

THESE ARE THE REAL TATTUS ..

Scientists at Yale University published a reoort where they said they discovered a link between taking muscle-building supplements containing creatine and androstenedione and testicular cancer.  


Creatine monohydrate causes OSMOTIC  diarrhea.   This occurs when too much water is drawn into the bowels.



Creatine monohydrate doesn’t just refer to supplements It is present in all human bodies. It is the combination of amino acids generated by the liver, kidney, and pancreas. This turns into creatine phosphate in the body. 

Creatine phosphate contributes to making a substance called adenosine triphosphate (ATP). This helps in strengthening our muscles by providing the energy for muscle contractions.

ATP is the high-energy molecule that stores the energy we need to do just about everything we do.   It is present in the cytoplasm and nucleoplasm of every cell, and essentially all the physiological mechanisms that require energy for operation obtain it directly from the stored ATP.  

As food in the cells is gradually oxidized, the released energy is used to re-form the ATP so that the cell always maintains a supply of this essential molecule. When  the body needs energy, ATP is converted into ADP(adenosine diphosphate) and ATP is replenished by phosphocreatine while the body rests.  

Carbohydrates, fats, and proteins can all be used by cells to synthesize large quantities of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which can be used as an energy source for almost all other cellular functions. For this reason, ATP has been called an energy “currency” in cell metabolism.  .  

In addition, ATP energy is used for the synthesis of cholesterol, phospholipids, the hormones, and almost all other substances of the body. Even the urea excreted by the kidneys requires ATP for its formation from ammonia.  ATP Energizes Glandular Secretion and  energizes nerve conduction.

Skeletal muscles can perform extreme feats of strength for a few seconds but are much less capable during prolonged activity. Most of the extra energy required during these bursts of activity cannot come from the oxidative processes because they are too slow to respond.

Instead, the extra energy comes from anaerobic sources: (1) ATP already present in the muscle cells, (2) phosphocreatine in the cells, and (3) anaerobic energy released by glycolytic breakdown of glycogen to lactic acid.

  
Listen, I can get more technical—it will go over my readers heads.   Hence the attempt to keep it for the LCD ( lowest common denominator ) . 

I need to keep my dim-wit  CRITICS mad too- it gives me ZE kicks.

I do NOT want to drive these jealous TURDS away— as they are NOT used to an environment of excellence. 

They all read my blogs ( mostly PRESSTITUTES ) along with their morning tea hoping that I wont know .   I have the software to find who they are.



Do you know—
No consensus is possible on this planet unless you accommodate, the halfwit  lowest  common denominator parasite TURDS.


TEE HEEEE !

BBBRRRAAAAAAYYYYYYYY !!




Once the ATP pool gets full, excess creatine monohydrate turns to waste in the body.    As creatine draws water from other areas of the body and into muscle tissue, drinking lots of fluids while taking this supplement is a must.



Creatine monohydrate doses should be spread out over the day—and NEVER EVER  take creatine monohydrate if you are under 18 or if you have any kidney problems.

Uric acid is a compound produced by your body that contains carbon, nitrogen, oxygen and hydrogen. It forms salts called urates.  


Uric acid is created when your body breaks down purine nucleotides, a crystallized substance that is considered a building block of DNA.  High amounts of uric acid in your blood stream can lead to kidney damage and kidney stones.   

Creatine increases  production of uric acid in your body.

Rather Uric acid is a byproduct of creatine metabolism in your body, which directly increases uric acid levels in your bloodstream.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/uric-acid-oxidation-of-purines-capt.html

Creatine  causes  kidney damage because its by-product, Creatinine.

AAAHA –


YEH CREATININE KAUN SA KHET KA MOOLI NAY BEETROOT HAI, BHAIYYA  ?



Hey big assed Pickle John who sits at home breast feeding the baby , while Chutney Mary goes for work ( and comes back home after having sex with her boss and peon )-- - help is at hand!







Creatine, (  creatine citrate ), is a compound created by components of proteins, called amino acids, in the human body.   Created in a person’s liver and other vital organs, it helps supply the muscles with energy.

Creatinine, on the other hand, is the waste created from the body’s use of creatine.

Essentially, the main difference between creatine and creatinine is the fact that the former is necessary for the body while the latter does not perform a vital function.

Creatinine is important, however, in revealing possible kidney problems.

Both of these substances are made within the human body, but only one is produced to benefit the body.  The liver, pancreas, and kidneys produce creatine and send it to the muscles through a person’s blood. It helps the muscles perform well.

In comparison, the body does not need creatinine.

Though it is a byproduct, creatinine can prove helpful in health evaluations. Doctors perform blood and urine tests to check creatinine levels and determine whether a person’s kidney function is adequate. The kidneys process creatinine out of the body in the form of urine.

If the kidneys are not functioning as they should, however, creatinine levels can rise. When tests reveal that levels of this substance are high, a doctor usually performs additional testing to determine the extent of the problems with a person’s kidneys.

One reason high levels of creatinine are so worrisome is the fact that the body doesn’t usually produce much of it.  In fact, only about two percent of the body’s creatine ends up as creatinine on a given day.

Since the body stores most of its creatine in its muscles, it can take a long time for this substance to be used and lead to creatine production.

Creatine helps with weight-lifting performance and athletic pursuits that require strength but only last for a short time.


Creatinine is a waste product of creatine, and loading creatine will increase your creatinine levels.

But check out what the EVIL Creatine manufacturers tell you---to be frank they are the quintessential monkeys with the matchstick.

QUOTE :  At low doses, around 1-3 grams, creatine is absorbed well.  As the dose gets higher, the absorption decreases, which is why you can't overdose on creatine—at least, not in a way that would present a medical concern.:  UNQUOTE 




Proteinuria is also called albuminuria or urine albumin--  a condition in which urine contains an abnormal amount of protein.   Albumin is the main protein in the blood.

Proteins are the building blocks for all body parts, including muscles, bones, hair, and nails. Proteins in the blood also perform a number of important functions. They protect the body from infection, help blood clot, and keep the right amount of fluid circulating throughout the body.

As blood passes through healthy kidneys, they filter out the waste products and leave in the things the body needs, like albumin and other proteins.  Most proteins are too big to pass through the kidneys' filters into the urine.  

However, proteins from the blood can leak into the urine when the filters of the kidney, called glomeruli, are damaged.





Proteinuria is a sign of chronic kidney disease (CKD), which can result from diabetes, high blood pressure, and diseases that cause inflammation in the kidneys.  

Testing for albumin in the urine is part of a routine medical assessment for everyone . Kidney disease is sometimes called renal disease.  If CKD progresses, it can lead to end-stage renal disease (ESRD), when the kidneys fail completely.  

A person with ESRD must receive a kidney transplant or regular blood-cleansing treatments called dialysis.




In both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, albumin in the urine is one of the first signs of deteriorating kidney function.   As kidney function declines, the amount of albumin in the urine increases.

Proteinuria  means protein in your urine. Your kidneys make urine by cleaning extra fluid from your blood.  Your kidneys also help prevent the loss of things that your body needs, like protein.  Proteinuria happens when your kidneys let protein leak into your urine. 

Protein in your urine may also be called albuminuria or microalbuminuria. If proteinuria is not controlled, the increased amount of protein in your urine can lead to more kidney damage. 


ALL BODY BUILDERS WHO TAKE KIDNEY DAMAGING SUPPLEMENTS  – WHEN YOU PEE INTO THE SHIT POT IN THE MORNING , KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN.

ONCE YOUR KIDNEY IS OUT OF WHACK -WHAT IS THE POINT IN SAVING MONEY ?

HEALTH IS WEALTH!



When your kidneys  fail, and will need dialysis or a kidney transplant.

Most people do not notice any symptoms.  If you do have symptoms, they might include foamy urine or swelling in your feet or puffed face.



Large amounts of protein in the urine causes it to look foamy in the toilet.  

Because  protein has left the body, the blood can no longer soak up enough fluid, so swelling in the hands, feet, abdomen, or face may occur.  This swelling is called edema.

The amount of albumin in the urine sample is compared with the amount of creatinine, a waste product of normal muscle breakdown.


The measurement is called a urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR).  A urine sample containing more than 30 milligrams of albumin for each gram of creatinine (30 mg/g) is a warning that there may be a problem. If the laboratory test exceeds 30 mg/g, another UACR test should be done 1 to 2 weeks later. If the second test also shows high levels of protein, the person has persistent proteinuria-- sign of declining kidney function.



Having too much creatinine in the blood is a sign that a person has kidney damage.

The doctor can use the creatinine measurement to estimate how efficiently the kidneys are filtering the blood. This calculation is called the estimated glomerular filtration rate, or eGFR. CKD is present when the eGFR is less than 60 milliliters per minute (mL/min).


Creatinine is generated from the breakdown of creatine phosphate during muscle metabolism, while urea is the product of protein metabolism.  Creatine is a chemical made naturally by the body and is used to supply energy mainly to muscles.


Creatine is an amino-acid-like substance synthesized in the liver from the amino acids glycine, methionine, and arginine.   Synthetic creatine affects the activity of the insulin hormone..



Microalbuminuria is a sensitive test that can detect a small amount of protein in the urine.
When abnormal proteins pass through the glomeruli, patients can find noticeable bubbles in their urine. Protein excreted from body with urine, increases the surface tension of urine and makes them bubbles.


If you have a large amount of high protein food at a time, it can lead to temporary proteinuria. This is a normal case so you do not need to worry about it. If you change your diet, the foam in urine will disappear.



If you have intense exercises or keep the same gesture for a long time like standing too long, you may find foam in urine. If you rest for a while, the foam will disappear.



Presence of excess protein in urine is not a sign of a healthy body.  If it is excreted out of the body, it may indicate kidney dysfunction. 

Note:  Foamy urine and diabetes are interrelated

Long term proteinuria will in turn damage the glomerular basement membrane and further worsen renal damages.


Normally, creatinine and urea enter blood stream, and then healthy kidneys are responsible for eliminating these waste products from the body.

However, when kidney can’t do its work normally, creatinine and urea level in the blood increases spontaneously.


Creatinine is removed from the body entirely by the kidneys. Creatinine is removed from the blood chiefly by the kidneys, primarily by glomerular filtration, but also by proximal tubular secretion.    Little or no tubular reabsorption of creatinine occurs. If the filtration in the kidney is deficient, creatinine blood levels rise.


Like I said, Creatinine can also be measured by a blood test.    If kidney function is not normal, creatinine level increases in your blood.  This is because less creatinine is released through your urine.  A normal result is 0.7 to 1.3 mg/dL for men and 0.6 to 1.1 mg/dL for women.



Again, Creatinine is a chemical waste molecule that is generated from muscle metabolism.   Each day, 1-2% of muscle creatine is converted to creatinine. Because the muscle mass in the body is relatively constant from day to day, the creatinine production normally remains essentially unchanged on a daily basis.

Abnormal results of urine creatinine may be due to any of the following:--

High RED meat diet
Kidney problems, such as damage to the tubule cells
Kidney failure
Too little blood flow to the kidneys, damage to filtering units
Kidney infection (pyelonephritis)

Women usually have a lower creatinine level than men. This is because women usually have less muscle mass than men.

Therefore, creatinine levels in blood and urine may be used to calculate the creatinine clearance (CrCl), which correlates with the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). Blood creatinine levels may also be used alone to calculate the estimated GFR (eGFR).



The GFR is clinically important because it is a measurement of renal function.    Creatinine level mainly depends on the GFR(Glomerular Filtration Rate).

Doctors determine the severity of chronic kidney disease with a staging system that uses GFR: ----

Stage 1: GFR 90 or greater (normal kidney function)

Stage 2: GFR 60-90  (mild decline in kidney function) 

Stage 3: GFR 30-59 (moderate decline in kidney function)

Stage 4: GFR 15-29 (severe decline in kidney function)

Stage 5: GFR less than 15 (kidney failure, usually requiring dialysis)

People over age 60 may have an apparently normal creatinine blood level, but still have a low GFR and creatinine clearance.

Most people do not need dialysis until GFR and creatinine clearance fall very low


An alternate estimation of renal function can be made when interpreting the blood (plasma) concentration of creatinine along with that of urea.   

Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) level is another indicator of kidney function. Urea is also a metabolic byproduct which can build up if kidney function is impaired. The BUN-to-creatinine ratio generally provides more precise information about kidney function and its possible underlying cause compared with creatinine level alone. BUN also increases with dehydration.

BUN-to-creatinine ratio (the ratio of blood urea nitrogen to creatinine) can indicate other problems besides those intrinsic to the kidney.

If both BUN and creatinine are high, the ratio usually indicates damage to the kidneys..

If BUN is high but creatinine is normal, then the kidney is generally not damaged but is not getting adequate blood supply due to another problem such as dehydration or heart failure.

The kidneys maintain the blood creatinine in a normal range. Creatinine has been found to be a fairly reliable indicator of kidney function. Elevated creatinine level signifies impaired kidney function or kidney disease.

Certain drugs can sometimes cause abnormally elevated creatinine levels. Serum creatinine can also transiently increase after ingestion of a large amount of dietary meat; thus nutrition plays a role in creatinine measurement.

Kidney Failure is not a independent illness,but a series of clinical syndromes caused by various reasons.

Symptoms of poor kidney function :---

feeling dehydrated,
fatigue,
swelling (edema),
shortness of breath,
confusion, or
many other nonspecific symptoms (for example, nausea, vomiting, neuropathy, and dry skin).

Nimbu, sour lime juice can help improve kidney filtration rate, so as to eliminate more waste products. Low-protein and low-salt diet can help reduce the burden on your kidneys.

Patients with kidney disease are very prone to high phosphorus and potassium in body, thus, they should limit intake of phosphorus and potassium in daily life.

Avoiding high fat food is also necessary for patients with high creatinine and urea level.
Serum Albumin is a type of body protein made from the protein you eat each day. 

A low level of albumin in your blood may be caused by not getting enough protein or calories from your diet. A low level of albumin may lead to health problems such as difficulty fighting off infections.

A creatinine clearance test shows how fast your kidneys remove creatinine from the blood. Clearance is measured in milliliters per minute (ml/min).

To measure your creatinine clearance, you will need to collect urine for 24 hours. Your doctor or nurse will give you a container to collect urine and special instructions for timing the 24-hour collection.

When you take the collected urine to your doctor or laboratory, you will also give a blood sample at that time. Your doctor will measure your creatinine clearance by comparing the amount of creatinine in your urine to the amount of creatinine in your blood.



REAL MEN WITH REAL BRUTE STRENGTH DO NOT HAVE BULGING SHOW MUSCLES OR SIX PACKS.  

HOW MANY OF YOU THINK ARNOLD  SCHWARZENEGGER IN HIS PRIME,  COULD LIFT EVEN 25% OF WHAT THESE MEN BELOW LIFT 

 

For men, a normal creatinine clearance rate is 97 to 137 ml/min. For women, the normal rate is 88 to 128 ml/min. If your number is below this normal range, your kidneys are not working at full strength.

Blood carries protein for use by cells throughout the body. After the cells use the protein, the remaining waste product is returned to the blood as urea, a compound containing nitrogen. 

Healthy kidneys take urea out of the blood and send it to the bladder in the urine. If your kidneys are not working well, the urea will stay in the blood.

Normal blood contains 7 to 20 milligrams of urea per deciliter of blood. If your BUN is more than 20 mg/dl, your kidneys may not be working at full strength.



When you have something ypu must throw away into the garbage bin, what do you do if you are slimy?

You will sing the praises of the GARBAGE-- and say it is worth its weight on gold.

Likewise with WHEY.



WHEY was eaten by poor people like how poor people scrounged into waste bins of meat shops and ate neck of chicken and cow intestine.

The nursery rhyme about LITTLE MISS MUFFET WAS ALL ABOUT EXTREME SARCASM --  


IRISH COULD NOT AFFORD CHEESE, THEY COULD AFFORD ONLY DISPOSED OFF ( INTO THE GUTTER ) WHEY 

Whey has gone from being a waste product from cheesemaking to a highly valued coproduct

Whey is the watery liquid that remains after the coagulation of the casein proteins in cheesemaking. 

Whey contains most of the lactose and about 18 % of the protein in milk.

Traditionally, every western cheesemaker considered whey a waste product and looked for the most economical way to dispose of it.  They even paid to dispose it off .



Generally, they discarded it in one of three ways:--

Discharged clandestinely into waterways.-you get caught, you get heavily fined as it swamps the environment and robs oxygen off water .

Sprayed onto to farmland ( a limited amount only-- if neighbours do NOT complain of YUCK smell and the acid in whey does NOT allow you to cultivate what you want ) .



Sold for a ridiculously low return as PIG animal feed.  If there are NO pig farms around  , you are screwed. They gave bull that whey is better than anti-biotics for them pigs.

Whey disposal will increase the biological activity and can increase the 'BOD' (Biological Oxygen Demand) significantly. In large commercial operations, this can be serious enough to strip the oxygen for other animals creating serious die-off or dead watersheds



Cheesemaking generates large volumes of whey. About 80% of the volume of milk used to make cheese remains as whey. As the dairy industry has grown worldwide, the volumes of whey have increased substantially. Growing concerns about the impact on the environment prompted governments to impose restrictions on its disposal.



Whey is composed of 97% water, plus ash, residual lactose, and whey protiens. In a typical run of milk to cheddar cheese:

97% of the water goes into whey
96% of the lactose ends up in the whey- Indians are lactose intolerant.

So GREEDY Jew cheese manufacturers first started singing the praises of protein in WHEY.



They made whey very tasty by infusing artificial sweeteners.

Whey is acidic on the pH scale .

Most of the whey protiens sold in health food stores comes from New Zealand and Australia , from the toxic A1 milk of humpless cow.   New Zealand is a country where 22% of their GDP comes from the dairy industry.


The Whey propaganda industry went on over drive.  The protein industry became so huge that it nearly overcame the cheesemaking side of the business.  

Today, there’s such a large demand for industrial whey protein (check ingredient labels on health foods and you’ll see it everywhere), that marginal cheese has become the by-product and whey the primary product for some large-scale cheesemakers.

So garbage bin material is now highly values food thanks to a whey lobby who are singing all the way to the bank.



DO YOU KNOW THEY TRIED THE SAME STUNT WITH COWS ? 

-- THEY FED COWS WITH WASTE PRODUCT INTESTINE MINCE -  

-- AND WHAT WAS THE RESULT ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html



85 LAKH DONATION PARTY DOCTORS DO NOT KNOW WHAT IS AN ATTACK ON THE IMMUNE SYSTEM.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html

HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS GIVE TOXIC A1 MILK.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

Whey protein is  safe only in limited quantities over a short period as it is bad  for kidney and liver health.


There are two types of proteins in milk – the whey class and the casein class. Whey proteins have more  amino acids.



US FDA doesn't regulate herbs and supplements as it is a multibillion dollar industry and there is a strong Zionist lobby.

By the way, LOBBYING is same as PIMPING .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/kleptocracy-in-india-lobbying-pimping.html


Whey protein may lead to changes in your blood cholesterol levels, abnormal heart rhythms, increased diabetes risk, headaches, kidney dysfunction, increased fracture risk, stomach symptoms, and liver damage.

In some cases, some of the side effects of whey protein include increased bowel movements, gas, cramps, constipation, nausea, and thirst.

BODY BUILDERS WHO CONSUME EXCESS WHEY , FART THROUGHOUT THE DAY –THEY DEVELOP ALLERGY OVER TIME.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/no-farting-please-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

 You should not be driving or operating heavy machinery after using whey protein because it may cause drowsiness or sedation.


You should use whey supplements cautiously if you take medications that affect the immune system or you have intestine or stomach disorders.

Whey protein supplementation increases the amount of nitrogen in your body, because the amino acids that make up protein molecules are nitrogen-based. An increase in nitrogen may place excess stress on your liver.

High amounts of nitrates over a long period of time may cause liver damage, especially if you have a weak or compromised liver due to illness or disease.

High amounts of nitrates circulating throughout your bloodstream may also lower blood pressure, which can cause your blood pressure to drop to potentially dangerous levels if you are taking blood pressure medication, causing fatigue, dizziness and mental confusion.



Whey protein supplementation increases the amount of substrates and minerals that are filtered through your kidneys and removed from your body through your urine. Calcium, a mineral abundantly found in many whey protein products, may crystallize with other compounds in your kidneys, resulting in kidney stones,. 

Whey protein may increase the stress placed on your kidneys and can cause damage if you suffer from weak or diseased kidneys. Staying properly hydrated may reduce the risk of developing kidney stones while taking whey protein.


The purest and most concentrated form of whey protein is whey protein isolate.

The common side effects of whey protein isolate may include headache, loss of appetite, fatigue, swelling, cramps and increased bowel movements. Other side effects may include damage to the kidneys or the liver, the development of osteoporosis or an allergic reaction.



There are three types of whey proteins: whey protein concentrate, whey protein isolates and hydrolyzed whey. Lactose has been eliminated from the latter two whey proteins. Consumption of whey protein by lactose intolerant individuals may cause an allergic reaction.

The liver is the largest gland in the body with many important and complex functions. One of these functions is to process nutrients absorbed from foods in the body.   High doses of whey protein supplements could overload the liver and cause damage.

Whey protein isolate taken in excess can cause mineral imbalance resulting in decreased bone density resulting in osteoporosis.


Protein is an essential component to muscle-building. However high doses can result in some digestive issues, as well as fatigue and headache. High protein diets in the long term can place a strain on the kidneys because of excess waste products that are known as ketones.

Generally, the protein requirement for a healthy adult is 1gm to 1.5gm per kg of the person's ideal body weight. Protein requirement increases in situations of stress (like illness or surgery), or when there is a change in the physiological state of the body (like during a pregnancy or endurance workout).

However, the consumption of any nutrient in excessive quantities can be harmful. Flushing out this extra protein also strains the kidneys.

Therefore, it is recommended that those on high-protein diets should make sure they drink a lot of SOFT water during the day, so that the extra toxins from the body can be flushed



HIGH PROTEIN NATURAL FOODS  WHICH DO NOT HARM YOUR KIDNEYS, LIVER AND INTESTINES :

PANEER, YOGHURT,  CHEESE, EGG WHITES , A2 MILK, FISH, BEANS , LENTILS,  PEANUTS, ALMONDS, CHICKEN , BEANS, OATS, CASHEW,  BROWN RICE, SPINACH, BROCOLLI, CAULIFLOWER, CABBAGE, MOONG SPROUTS, RAJMA,  VIRGIN COCONUT OIL , MORINGA LEAVES., SHELL FISH etc



NEVER DRINK YOUR OWN URINE.   

IT IS TOXIC .    

ZIONIST PROPAGANDA TOM TOMMED  US THAT CIA SPOOK MORARJI DESAI DRANK HIS OWN URINE . 

THIS IS BULL! 



If you eat more protein than your body requires, it will simply convert most of those calories to sugar and then fat. Increased blood sugar levels can also feed pathogenic bacteria and yeast, such as Candida albicans (candidiasis), as well as fueling cancer cell growth. When you consume too much protein, your body must remove more nitrogen waste products from your blood, which stresses your kidneys.

Protein toxicity occurs when the body is unable to get rid of the potentially toxic wastes that are generated as a result of protein metabolism.

Unexplained vomiting and a loss of appetite are indicators of protein toxicity. Kidney function naturally declines with age due to the gradual loss of nephrons (filters) in the kidney. Therefore, a 60 -year-old cannot safely consume the same amount of protein as a 20-year-old.

We need lateral thinkers when it comes to human metabolism.


CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DID NOT HAVE BREAKFAST FOR PAST 29 YEARS . 





THERE IS ONLY ONE GOOD VEG OIL FOR COOKING—VIRGIN COCONUT OIL  .  A2 MILK ( HUMPED COW )  GHEE IS HEALTHY

FOR LOW HEAT COOKING OR COLD SALADS OLIVE OIL IS OK.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html


Most whey supplements contain isolated amino acid supplements and branched-chain amino acid isolates (such as leucine and glutamine) are dangerous and damaging to your health. 

Many contain "putrid proteins," as well as the proteins in the wrong form (isomers) so they cannot be properly used by your body.  

Whey supplements tend to be acid processed and contain surfactants,  heavy metal contaminants (arsenic, cadmium, lead, and mercury), and a long list of toxic chemical additives. These TATTUS fire blanks and cannot produce a child.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/sprouts-of-moong-or-mongo-beans-no-1.html

Statistics have proved that having too much whey protein or protein in the diet causes :--

Heart disease
Kidney damage
Constipation
Tumors and cancerous growths
Biochemical imbalances in the tissues (overacidity)
Arthritis
Bone-loss (osteoporosis)

Bone loss, or osteoporosis, occurs when calcium is removed from the bones of the body in order to fulfill the body’s metabolic requirements .A diet that contains 50% more protein than is needed may result in as much as one percent loss of bone per year. 

One of the most obvious signs of bone loss occurs around the teeth and under the gum lines of the mouth. As bone is lost or removed from the jaw, the teeth loosen and eventually decay or fall out. Most so-called gum disease  comes from bone loss. 

This means that a normally healthy woman of 25 years could lose up to half of her bone structure by the time she reaches 75 years. The hips especially are susceptible to bone loss in elderly women, and there have been many instances where these women’s hips have actually snapped under the body’s own weight.

ISLIYE PROTEIN KA KAFFAN SIRR PARR BAANDHKE MATH CHAL !



If protein is not needed by the body for tissue synthesis (or rebuilding the body), it is returned to the liver. In the liver a process called deamination takes place which separates the amino acids into a nitrogenous residue and non-nitrogenous residue. The nitrogen portion undergoes a series of chemical changes and is converted into urea by the liver and excreted in the urine.

Read again:--  Intake of protein greatly in excess of the body’s needs creates extra work for the liver. Excessive protein also creates extra work for the kidneys. Ideally, it is their job to remove excess acids, the deaminated group of chemicals being most suitably disposed of when excreted as urea.

When a high-protein diet is followed, the kidneys soon become overworked as they try to eliminate all the toxic by-products of protein metabolism.

The body’s first nutrient need is for fuel—carbohydrates.

When a Hilly Billy Yank with muscle between his ears has excessive whey  protein and less carbohydrates, his body will try to convert the extra protein into a carbohydrate-type of fuel source. 

This conversion process is a difficult and energy-expending one for the body, and so a net-calorie or weight loss may occur.


The problem with this attempt at weight loss with a high-protein diet is that harmful by-products are produced in the protein to carbohydrate conversion process.

A high-protein whey diet will eventually destroy the glandular system, and damage the liver, adrenals and kidneys.


High-protein diets for weight-loss are all based on fooling the body. Instead of giving it the carbohydrate fuel it needs, you fill the body with acid-forming protein that must be expensively converted into fuel within the body. It’s like pouring water into your gasoline tank and hoping that your car will try to turn it into suitable fuel.  

You simply cannot deny the body carbohydrates in preference to protein. Carbohydrate-starvation caused by a high-protein weight-loss diet actually creates a chemical imbalance in the brain.  

Why do these high whey protein bodybuilders shave their heads ?   They are all bald due to hair loss.

A lot of whey protein shakes use HFCS or high fructose corn syrup sweeteners.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/high-fructose-corn-syrup-fatty-liver.html



Remember it is wise NOT to consume androstenedione, which increases testosterone production (sic) - as it can cause a range of side effects from kidney damage , acne to mood swings and depression. 

Synthetic Androstenedione is a steroid hormone. Manufacturers and bodybuilding magazines tout its ability to allow athletes to train harder and recover more quickly.

Androstenedione (andro) is a hormone produced by the adrenal glands, ovaries and testes. It's a hormone that's normally converted to testosterone and estradiol in both men and women.


Supplemental androstenedione doesn't increase testosterone and that your muscles don't get stronger with andro use. In fact, almost all of the andro is rapidly converted to estrogen, the primary hormone in females.

Men who take Androstenedione become TATTUS with low sperm count and their testicles shrink . They get huge MAN BOOBS.  



This woman ( WHO DIED AT THE AGE OF 38 ) did NOT even have fried eggs for tits  -- she was THE ultimate MANCHESTER !   She put on fancy makeup to camouflage her UGLY manliness .



Women get moustache and deep manly voice like big bad wolf , get flat chested and become bald too for good measure.



In both men and women, andro can decrease HDL cholesterol (the "good" cholesterol), which puts you at greater risk of heart attack and stroke.

Some people turn to a substance called human growth hormone (HGH) in hopes that it will keep them feeling and looking youthful..

HGH, produced naturally by the pituitary gland, spurs growth in children and adolescents. It also helps to regulate body composition, body fluids, muscle and bone growth, sugar and fat metabolism, and possibly heart function.

Produced synthetically, HGH is the active ingredient in a number of prescription drugs with harmful side effects


The body's HGH levels naturally decrease with age, some so-called anti-aging experts have LIED  that HGH products could reverse age-related bodily deterioration.

Human growth hormone, also known as gonadotropin, is a hormone that has an anabolic effect. 

Athletes take it to improve muscle mass and performance.  However, it hasn't been shown conclusively to improve either strength or endurance. It is available only by prescription and is administered by injection.



Adverse effects related to human growth hormone range in severity and may include:---

Joint pain
Muscle weakness
Fluid retention
Carpal tunnel syndrome
Impaired glucose regulation
Cardiomyopathy
High cholesterol (hyperlipidemia)
Diabetes
High blood pressure (hypertension)


HGH injections may cause swelling of the hands, feet, arms or legs.  HGH may cause enlargement of the breasts in some men. Negative side effects can also occur in the form of increased risk for cancer, cardiovascular disease, and behavior changes.


Patients received either needle-based or needle-free injections of growth hormone.   Of 38 subjects tested, about 25 percent reported headache, 25 percent reported nausea, and 37 percent experienced injection rash.


HGH SUPPLEMENTS DEPRIVE YOU OF REM SLEEP- AND YOU BECOME A BONDHU – a veritable AKKAL KA DUSHMAN !.



Nitric oxide supplements is a MISNOMER to fool the people. It does NOT actually contain nitric oxide (NO), which is a gas produced naturally by the body.  Rather, these synthetic supplements provide various amino acids and other ingredients.

This is NOT like the Nitric acid which is secreted by your brain when you do Pranayama or chant King Mantra OM the Nitric oxide released when you do Agnihotra.




Nitric Oxide, THE MAGIC MOLECULE  manufactured NATURALLY by the body, causes vasodilation  ( expansion of the internal diameter of blood vessels ), which in turn leads to increased blood flow, oxygen transport, delivery of nutrients to skeletal muscle and a reduction in blood pressure.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/pranayama-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/nitric-oxide-in-agnihotra-yoga-ayurveda.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/om-aum-sound-of-zpf-cymatics-sound-of.html


To make nitric oxide, enzymes in the body break down the amino acid, arginine.    

Many nitric oxide booster supplements  are essentially L-Arginine supplements which is an amino acid. Nitric oxide is formed from the conversion of L-Arginine by an enzyme called nitric oxide synthase.



They put L-Citrulline to clear waste products from the muscles, to reduce the burning sensation you feel due to lactic acid buildup. 



The most common nitric oxide supplement side effects are primarily minor and include nausea, diarrhea, headaches and stomach problems.



Consuming excess amounts of arginine results in more frequent urination. In order to produce urine, the body processes liquids into an intermediate stage which is high in the amino acid called arginine. 

Normally the liver produces enough of the enzyme arginase to convert and concentrate this liquid into urea (urine). When it does not, however, in some people this seems to cause the body to try to expel this high arginine liquid excessively, both day and night.





Effective nitric oxide releasers have an inhibitory effect on dopamine transporters.

Dopamine, an organic neurotransmitter, is responsible for regulating the following:--
Motivation levels
Healthy sleep cycles
Short and long term memory
Cognitive skills

SEXY GAAND - BETTER THAN KIM KARDASHIANs




The amino acid histidine is often featured in nitric oxide supplements. When combined with the amino acid beta-alanine, it creates the compound carnosine. Carnosine is a natural substrate to nitric oxide synthase (the enzyme responsible for nitric oxide production).  High levels of histidine and carnosine are often associated with zinc imbalances and deficiencies.



If you continue to lose zinc, you may suffer from any of the following:--

Diarrhea
Impotence
Impaired appetite
Delayed sexual maturation



The most common side effect of nitric oxide supplements is gastrointestinal distress ( bloating , stomach cramps , nausea etc ).  Many amino acids used to produce nitric oxide have a history of creating digestive problems, particularly arginine.



L-arginine cause side effects such as abdominal pain, bloating, diarrhea, gout, blood abnormalities, allergies, airway inflammation, worsening of asthma, and low blood pressure.

There is an increased risk of bleeding, change in blood sugar levels, and increased risk of herpes simplex cold sores. ( causing outbreaks or worsening existing conditions).  When you go to the gym with such characters around make sure you come home and take a bath. 



People who inject arginine are prone to various allergic disorders.  Some of them cry for no reason. Nitric oxide supplements may change the chemical environment of your body.

Common side effects of this Arginine injection, include low back pain, flushing, headache, numbness, restless legs, irritation of the veins and death of the tissues surrounding the injection site .  Too much L-arginine can cause diarrhea, weakness nausea, headaches, increased heart rate and palpitations, water retention, fatigue, skin irritations and dry mouth.

Antihypertensive drugs combined with arginine,  might cause blood pressure to drop to dangerously low levels.

Avoid taking nitric oxide supplements with nitrates or other medications which increase blood flow to the heart. This might cause increased dizziness and lightheadedness

Symptoms associated with low blood pressure include headache, dizziness, lightheadedness, nausea, vomiting and loss of balance. These symptoms may be worse when SUDDENLY standing from a squatting position  



Nitric acid supplents can result in high potassium, high chloride, low sodium, low phosphate, high blood urea nitrogen and high creatinine levels. You should not use nitric oxide supplements if you have kidney or liver disease. These organs regulate electrolytes and may be sensitive to side effects of nitric oxide supplement use

DOUBT AAH GAYA MANN MANDIRR MAIN- 

YEH  NAMOONA LONDA HAI KYA --YA LONDIYA ? 

BOLO TOH -


Nitric oxide is a transient substance in the bloodstream and there are no easy tests in a doctor's office to determine levels of nitric oxide. A blood test for nitric oxide at one specific time would mean nothing since levels can fluctuate tremendously throughout the day. Citrulline or arginine may raise nitric oxide levels, but their effect is transient.

OH BAABYBAY YOU SET Me HEART ON FIRE !  TEE HEEE !!



Some of the less severe adverse effects NITRIC OXIDE supplements might include:

Tremors
Hives
Severe perspiration
Hives
Itching over the body
Trouble breathing
Wheezing
Vomiting
Diarrhea
Moderate to severe headache
Heart palpitations
Dry mouth
Water retention



Some of the more severe adverse effects that can come from extended use of the supplement include the following:-

Dramatic and sporadic changes in blood pressure
Irregular heartbeat
Electrolyte imbalance causing kidney and liver difficulties
Lightheaded feelings and weakness to the point of collapse



At  high concentrations it can cause circulatory shock and induce cell death. When these body builders die there is a lobby who BUYS SILENCE.



The liver is the ‘brain’ organ of the body which helps to detoxify blood, stores vitamins and iron, stores glycogen, breaks down insulin and regulates the fat burning hormones. The kidneys help with waste excretion, water level balance, blood pressure and acid balance within the blood.



Supplements which affect the liver and kidney are still unregulated—shows the strength of this multi-billion dollar industry.

Consuming too much protein causes your kidneys to become overworked and thus, they become less effective at flushing away the by-products obtained from the breakdown of protein.



Kidney stones are usually caused when the components of urine are out of their natural balance. 




When the minerals in your urine are not diluted enough, tiny hardened mineral deposits can form known as kidney stones. These can cause a huge amount of pain and can also cause infection and long term damage in some cases.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/06/kidney-and-gallbladder-stones-capt-ajit.html














MANI SHANGARAN AIYARAN AFTER WATCHING THE RAPTUROUS WELCOME MODI RECEIVED IN UAE.






HEY MANI SHANGARAN AIYARAN --

WHERE DO YOU PLAN TO CONTEST YOUR NEXT ELECTION AND LOSE YOUR FUCKIN' DEPOSIT ?  

TEEE HEEEEEE !!






BAHUBALI MOVIE OWES ITS SUCCESS TO THE GIANT ATHIRAPALLY WATER FALLS OF KERALA , 4 HRS DRIVE FROM MY HOMETOWN CALICUT.
******************************************************************************
HOMOSEXUALITY, PEDOPHILIA , DEVIANT PORN AND ZIONIST FUNDING - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THIS BLOG SITE ASKS PM NARENDRA MODI --  ENSURE CHILDREN LESS THEN 18 YEARS OF AGE ARE PROTECTED FROM INTERNET PORN ..








“The only unnatural act is that which you cannot perform.” -  Alfred Kinsley 




LET ME QUOTE WIKIPEDIA ON JEW ALFRED KINSEY --  A GREAT AMERICAN HERO  :

QUOTE:  As a young man, Kinsey began inserting objects into his urethra – initially drinking straws ( SUCKING UP HIS OWN SEMEN )  before moving on to pipe cleaners, pencils and finally a toothbrush – to punish himself for having homoerotic feelings, and inserting toothbrushes continued throughout his adult life.[18][19][20]    After becoming accustomed to the pain of urethral insertions, Kinsey circumcised himself without anaesthesia : UNQUOTE


This was the SEX EXPERT who was funded by SEVERAL BIGGEST ZIONIST FOUNDATIONS –ALL OF THEM ARE OPERATING TODAY IN INDIA – and giving awards to stooges in their payroll. 




"...Kinsey was far more than just an impudent fraud, he was in fact a criminal: a blackmailer (p. 330 ff), a perverted pornographer, and a pedophile who masturbated little children as part of his so-called “research”.

One four-year-old was “specifically manipulated” for twenty-four hours around the clock. This child achieved twenty-six orgasms in this time period.


Another eleven-month-old infant had fourteen “orgasms”, according to the Kinseyan definition, in a period of thirty-eight minutes, or one orgasm every 2.7 minutes. (E. Michael Jones, Degenerate Moderns, p. 106) 




Prof Alfred Kinsey honoured by TIME , was a homosexual, a pedophile, and a madman.  

His staff consisted of like-minded non-professionals who were touted as ‘experts’, and his subjects polled consisted of the dregs of humanity: psychopaths, rapists, pedophiles, sexual deviants, the mentally retarded, inmates of mental institutions, and criminals of all walks of life.




Kinsey was a immoral sexual deviant-- a most EVIL  child molester as were those on his staff.

Testimony to that fact is chapter 5 of the Report, which could only be described as torture and sexual violation of infants, toddlers and prepubescent children.


Table 34, itemizing the ages of each ‘subject’ — male babies aged five months to 14 years — used in the ‘scientific study’, also listed the number of infantile orgasms in a given time period, multiple orgasms, and proves beyond even a shadow of doubt that the innocent, helpless, babies were being criminally sexually abused. 



The excerpt is taken from a report by Judith Reisman:--

“Extreme tension with violent convulsion: Often involving the sudden heaving and jerking of the whole body.   Descriptions supplied by several subjects indicate that the legs often become rigid, with muscles knotted and toes pointed, muscles of abdomen contracted and hard, shoulders and neck stiff and often bent forward, breath held or gasping, eyes staring or tightly closed, hands grasping, mouth distorted, sometimes with tongue protruding; whole body or parts of it spasmodically twitching, sometimes synchronously with throbs or violent jerking of the penis. …   A gradual, and sometimes prolonged build-up to orgasm, which involves still more violent convulsions of the whole body; heavy breathing, groaning, sobbing, or more violent cries, sometimes with an abundance of tears (especially among younger children)”




Not one of the monster ‘experts’ who brought those small innocent babies to multiple orgasms has been named a criminal or a terrorist.  




The Kinsey Report was touted as the book of facts on normal human sexuality.   Kinsey’s hagiographers, James Jones and Gathorne-Hardy never revealed these charts from Kinsey’s own book.   

What ever happened to the “2 month” old who didn’t reach “climax” (etc.) despite “repeated attempts” by Kinsey’s Pedophile ring? 

Kinsey says it is “psychologic [sic] blockage” that causes many small boys not to reach, what Kinsey calls an “orgasm.” 

He is quite sure the littlest tykes can do so when the right man “aids” them.  





Kinsey’s colleague, Paul Tripp, announced on the Phil Donahue Show in December 1991 that the records of the sodomizing of these children were all carried out “scientifically” because these men used “stopwatches to record their thing.” 


Using a “stopwatch,” accordingly, makes all rapists and murderers “scientists” according to this “trained” sexpert.  




Kinsey admits that “data from other subjects” means that of the 214 child sodomite attacks on these boys were “observed” during the assaults and the screams were coded as “orgasms” by Kinsey and the lackeys in his pedophile ring. , he said that children are sexual from birth and that rape is one of the most "forgettable" crimes. 


All this, people were told, was based on exhaustive sex research conducted by Kinsey et al-- 


Sadomasochist Prof Kinsey has been called by the Zionist media as the "Father of the Sexual Revolution"





ALMOST ALL HOMOSEXUALS ARE PEDOPHILES.   

IF ANY HOMOSEXUAL DOES NOT AGREE HE / SHE MUST SUBMIT TO A NARCO TEST 




SO THAT HE / SHE CAN REVEAL AT WHAT AGE HE / SHE WAS INITIATED 

AT WHAT AGE HE / SHE PREYED ON KIDS

HOW MANY SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS THEY HAD WITH CHILDREN  etc





In a letter written as a YMCA counselor, American hero , Kinsey boasted of a "nature library" he possessed, comprising pictures of nude men and boys that he would show to young male charges while camping — in his tent — late at night while exposing and stroking his own penis. 

Evil monster Kinsey  has  a  history of abusing his own sexual organs in bizarre and painfully brutal ways, a practice that led to his demise.     




Injuries  sustained during his masochistic activities — problems such as "orchitis," a swelling of the male genitalia — contributed significantly to his untimely death from a heart attack ( sic!- his dead body found on the floor had NO BALLS -just a hole with blood oozing ) in 1956 (extreme abuse of that area can induce heart-stopping neurogenic shock).   



The Kinsey Syndrome speaks of the infamous "Table 34," a chart whereon Kinsey listed the orgasmic responses of his test subjects — all children — some still in infancy.   Among these findings were that "researchers" observed 26 climaxes in a 24-hour period — in a four-year-old boy — and at least one example of such a response in a four-month-old girl.  

So mesmerized were Americans by the authority of science, and R agent foundations’ money and clout,  that it took forty years for anyone to wonder how data is collected on the sexual responses of children.

The Zionist monopolised media sand the praises of Kinsey’s scientific research ( sic ) that Hilly Billy Yanks were confused. 

Kinsey had working relationships with  fellow pedophiles.  These were men actively raping and sodomising children.  

 Kinsey trained them to measure and record the sexual "responses" of their victims using stopwatches and charts.   The Kinsey Syndrome presents airtight evidence for this, such as a 1992 interview in which Paul Gebhard revealed  “ ... uh, let's see ... then there were some that were done by nursery school personnel."  

Then, when asked if pedophiles normally run around with stopwatches, Gebhard replied that they do if "we tell them that we're interested in it." Moreover, when asked how the desired responses were achieved, Gebhard said by way of "oral and manual techniques."

Yet, while these "researchers" were no doubt highly skilled at their "techniques," how do you identify the response in question in a young child?  

Kinsey answered this on page 161 of Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, writing that it "involves still more violent convulsions of the whole body ... heavy breathing, groaning, sobbing, or more violent cries, sometimes with an abundance of tears (especially among younger children).... 

Some males experience excruciating pain and may scream. The males in the present group ... will fight away from the partner [rapist] and may make violent attempts to avoid climax." 

Kinsey called these responses "orgasms."

Are we stupid ?

Who would ever  associate sobbing, screaming, violent resistance, and excruciating pain with sexual climax in children?

Kinsey received enormous grants from R Zionist foundations and paid his child rapists for their contributions.  



Kinsey wrote  "Incest between adults and younger children can ... prove to be a satisfying and enriching experience."  

Can you believe this?

Instead of being arrested and fried on the electric chair,  Kinsey became a national hero, thanks to R monopolised media and Hollywood.

The release of Sexual Behavior in the Human Female made this evil pedophile with a stopwatch famous –he was the toast of America.

He jumped into the R Opium founded college lecture circuit, lecturing on sex education-all the time pushing homosexuality as normal.

USA HAS DONE SOMETHING FAR MORE WORSE . 

THEY FUNDED ( by logistics ) THE JAPANESE SADIST CRIMES DONE BY DR SHIRO ISHII ON CHINESE  .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/doctor-death-shiro-ishii-emperor.html






Kinsey was sponsored by Zionists and he became bold enough to approach  state legislatures and lobbied for a relaxing of sex-offender laws.   In fact, Dr. Reisman has a chart on which she has documented how Kinsey went from state to state convincing ingenuous legislators to dumb-down punishments for sex crime.  

Kinsey's ideas imbue modern sex education. The Kinsey Syndrome speaks of how Sexual Behavior in the Human Male co-author Ward Pomeroy founded the Institute for the Advanced Study of Human Sexuality in San Francisco. This institution spawns sex educators — Ph.D.s, Masters holders, etc. — who then enter schoolrooms throughout the nation and spread Kinsey's philosophy.


Kinsey's vulgar lies helped jump-start the pedophile porn industry.

Kinsey’s Jewish porn industry patrons supported him -- what constitutes "evil" behavior is simply a matter of opinion, it removes moral constraints .




BELOW :  PM NARENDRA MODIs LAGOT YAAR BAAAAAA !




Tax-exempt foundations, such as Rockefeller, financed Kinsey's research Kinsey .  This boosted  homosexual-rights movement, quoting the leader of the North American Man/Boy Love Association as saying in 1981, "Gay liberationists in general, and boy lovers in particular, should know Kinsey's work and hold it dear.... Implicit in Kinsey is the struggle we fight today."

Every time headway was made in EXPOSING Kinsey , the effort was thwarted.  This happened to the Reece Committee in the 1950s — and to Dr. Reisman decades later.  She said, "The FBI/DoJ coalition Task Force that was created to use my research to help reverse child sex trafficking and pornography was spiked.... The Rockefeller and Ford Foundations rushed to aid the Kinsey Institute, with Gray & Co and other PR firms receiving millions to assure my expurgation from future academic conferences and university professorships and to kill the 1995 federal investigation of Kinsey."

Time magazine had EVIL Kinsey on their cover

Kinsey’s “Sexual Behavior in the Human Male”  was tom tommed in the R Zionist media.  R owned magazine Time magazine declared, "Not since Gone With the Wind had booksellers seen anything like it."

The lead article concludes with the following observation: "'Kinsey...has done for sex what Columbus did for geography,' 

Kinsey collected sexual material ( homosexual pedophile ) from around the world, which brought him to the attention of U.S. Customs when they seized some pornographic films in 1956; he died –sans balls-- before this matter was resolved legally.






 According to German Jew Sigmund Freud , anti-Semitism was a universal pathology which had its roots in sexual repression.   Its cure lay in “sexual liberation”.

The theory, in its crudest and simplest form, amounted to this: instead of picking on the Jews, why not just chill out and have sex?  

 THE SAME TYPE  OF ARGUMENT IS BEING USED BY CHETAN BHAGAT ,  WITH HINDU BHAKTS .

http://www.indiatimes.com/news/india/chetan-bhagat-says-indian-modi-bhakts-on-twitter-are-sexually-frustrated-single-men-234670.html

They are not Modi bhakts; they are simply Frustrated And Complex-ridden Indian Males (FACIMs, pronounced fai-kims, not to be confused with the curse word you may want to use on them). Of course FACIM doesn’t have the same ring to it as bhakt, but it is a more accurate descriptor.
To FACIMs themselves i would only like to say this. Smarten up, learn English and practise it. Make some female friends and ask their advice on how to talk to a girl. When confident, try to ask someone out and date her like a gentleman. Who knows, you may get lucky soon
The underlying Freudian assumption here is that sex is the great liberator and that all  frustrations can be alleviated by sexual activity—particularly by obsessive and addictive sex.



JEW SIGMUND FREUD COMMITTED SUICIDE BY MORPHINE INJECTION -   JEW FRANK KINSEY CASTRATED HIMSELF 



People who spend all their waking hours in search of sexual stimulation are obviously unfit to organize pogroms, mount bloody revolutions, or become a threat to the rich and powerful. 



This, in a nutshell, was the philosophy of R stooge German Jew Wilhelm Reich, high priest of the “masturbation industry”.  

This pervert’s own mother committed suicide because he raped her (blackmailed on catching her giving oral sex to his tutor ) 

Sex, according to the philosophers of the Sexual Revolution inspired by Reich, is to be the panacea for all society’s problems: the new opium of the people. If people cannot have bread, let them eat cake. 

If they cannot have jobs, security, fulfillment, and a valid purpose in life, let them have sex as a substitute.  If nothing else, recreational sex will provide a useful distraction and give people something to do.



Kinsey believed that all sex was legitimate—pedophilia, bestiality, incest, adultery, prostitution, group sex, transvestitism, sadomasochism—and he worked to overthrow all laws prohibiting any of these perversions.





Jew Alfred Charles Kinsey  founded the Institute for Sex Research at Indiana University, now known as the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender, and Reproduction.  

He is best known for writing Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948) and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female (1953), also known as the Kinsey Reports, as well as the Kinsey scale.  

Jew KINSEY used bogus scientific research to convince America that one in ten men were gay, that 95% of married men cheated on their wives, and that 24% of married men had homosexual affairs.   

Kinsey was A HOMOSEXUAL .  He had an open marriage where he allowed his wife to have sex with other men and she would allow him to bring gay men home.



Jew Franklin Kameny, founder of the gay movement in Washington, DC, considers the very idea of family to be dangerously pernicious.  



Says Kameny, “The notion of the family.... is enmeshed in a web ... of religious, moral, and theological precepts, all of which serve needlessly, harmfully, and perniciously to bind, limit, and restrain individuals in the exercise of their freedoms to enter into choices as to their intimate relationships.”

Kamney worked to remove the classification of homosexuality as a mental disorder from the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders In 1971.
Kameny became the first openly gay candidate for the United States Congress when he ran in the District of Columbia's first election


On March 26, 1977, Kameny and a dozen other members of the gay and lesbian community, under the leadership of the then-National Gay Task Force, briefed then-Public Liaison Midge Costanza on much-needed changes in federal laws and policies. This was the first time that gay rights were officially discussed at the White House.





A traditional family  has been a long held standard proven through centuries of practice, by all civilizations, and affirmed and supported by all world religions. 

The NWO Zionists have destroyed the  traditional family—the long standing norm for intergenerational family relationships centered on presuming the family ideal consists of two adults of the opposite sex living together in a sexually exclusive, lifelong union, and assuming primary responsibility for each other’s welfare and for raising children. .


Kamney spAke :-- Homosexuality, is affirmatively good in every sense of the word good, morally, culturally,  and societally. That is because variety and diversity in family arrangements add zest to our communities and make them exciting and stimulating, to the benefit of all, to the detriment of none, to the enhancement of our individual and collective happiness.




Above: President Obama recently conferred the supreme honor on this bestiality-supporting Jewish paragon of sexual perversion by rolling out the red carpet for him at the White House, actually shaking his Jew Frank Kamney’s hand and congratulating him on the remarkable benefits he had bestowed on mankind.


These are the people who LIE that India is the RAPE CAPITAL of this planet .   The truth is India has the least percentage of rape/ homosexuality / crime on this planet .




Kameny was appointed as the first openly gay member of the District of Columbia's Human Rights Commission in the 1970s .

In February 2009, Kameny’s home in Washington was designated as a D.C. Historic Landmark by the District of Columbia’s Historic Preservation Review Board .   On November 2, 2011, Kameny's house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places


On 3 July 2012, Minor Planet (40463) Frankkameny was named in Kameny's honor by the International Astronomical Union and the Minor Planet Center.



Jewess Robin Morgan, former editor for Ms. magazine, once declared that marriage is “a slavery-like practice” and “we can’t destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage.”



Feminist author  Jewess Shulamith Firestone claims, “the family is...directly connected to—is even the cause of—the ills of the larger society.”  She spAke, “The institution of marriage consistently proves itself unsatisfactory, even rotten.”

This woman was mad.   

Shulamith Firestone’s dead body was found in August 2012 , in her studio apartment. She was sixty-seven-there was no food in the apartment, and she was dead for several days.



Below : Oh yes-- all these JEWS with warped DNA want people with pristine DNA to join and wallow in their KOSHER misery .





Kate Millett is acknowledged as a leader of the modern women's movement, or second-wave feminism, of the 1960s and 1970s. She is known for her book Sexual Politics, considered the movement's manifesto. Kate Millett has said, “The complete destruction of traditional marriage and the nuclear family is the revolutionary or utopian goal of feminism.”

This woman was mad and also a lesbian. 



The Zionist media foists MAD people on the unsuspecting masses- to push their master’s agenda..

Feminist scholar and University of Southern California professor Jewess Judith Stacey ( below)believes, “Perhaps the postmodern family of women will take the lead in burying The Family at long last.  The Family is a concept derived from faulty theoretical premises and an imperialistic logic, which even at its height never served the best interests of women, their children, or even many men.”




German Jewess and lesbian Paula Ettelbrick ( below ), policy director for the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force spAke : “being queer means pushing the parameters of sex, sexuality, and family, and in the process, transforming the very fabric of society,” and “we must keep our eyes on the goals of providing true alternatives to marriage and of radically reordering society’s view of reality.” “I do not want to be known as ‘Mrs. Attached-to-Somebody-Else- Nor do I want to give the state the power to regulate my primary relationship.”




Feminist writer Jewess Vivian Gornick proclaimed that “Being a housewife is an illegitimate profession....The choice to serve and be protected and plan towards being a family-maker is a choice that shouldn’t be,” because “the heart of radical feminism is to change that.”



Feminist scholar and New York University history professor Jewess Linda Gordon declares “The nuclear family must be destroyed, and people must find better ways of living together.... Whatever its ultimate meaning, the break-up of families now is an objectively revolutionary process....Families will be finally destroyed only when a revolutionary social and economic organization permits people’s needs for love and security to be met in ways that do not impose divisions of labor, or any external roles, at all.”









Jew Michael Swift, who styles himself a “gay revolutionary,” zealously declared, “The family unit—spawning ground of lies, betrayals, mediocrity, hypocrisy, and violence—will be abolished.  The family unit, which only dampens imagination and curbs free will, must be eliminated.  Perfect boys will be conceived and grown in the genetic laboratory.  They will be bonded together in communal setting, under the control and instruction of homosexual savants.”


Michael Swift’s gay manifesto spAke:-

Women, you cry for freedom. You say you are no longer satisfied with men; they make you unhappy. We, connoisseurs of the masculine face, the masculine physique, shall take your men from you then. We will amuse them; we will instruct them; we will embrace them when they weep. Women, you say you wish to live with each other instead of with men. Then go and be with each other. We shall give your men pleasures they have never known because we are foremost men too, and only one man knows how to truly please another man; only one man can understand the depth and feeling, the mind and body of another man.

All laws banning homosexual activity will be revoked. Instead, legislation shall be passed which engenders love between men.

All homosexuals must stand together as brothers; we must be united artistically, philosophically, socially, politically and financially. We will triumph only when we present a common face to the vicious heterosexual enemy.

If you dare to cry faggot, fairy, queer, at us, we will stab you in your cowardly hearts and defile your dead, puny bodies.

We shall write poems of the love between men; we shall stage plays in which man openly caresses man; we shall make films about the love between heroic men which will replace the cheap, superficial, sentimental, insipid, juvenile, heterosexual infatuations presently dominating your cinema screens. We shall sculpt statues of beautiful young men, of bold athletes which will be placed in your parks, your squares, your plazas. The museums of the world will be filled only with paintings of graceful, naked lads.

Our writers and artists will make love between men fashionable and de rigueur, and we will succeed because we are adept at setting styles. We will eliminate heterosexual liaisons through usage of the devices of wit and ridicule, devices which we are skilled in employing.

We will unmask the powerful homosexuals who masquerade as heterosexuals. You will be shocked and frightened when you find that your presidents and their sons, your industrialists, your senators, your mayors, your generals, your athletes, your film stars, your television personalities, your civic leaders, your priests are not the safe, familiar, bourgeois, heterosexual figures you assumed them to be. We are everywhere; we have infiltrated your ranks. Be careful when you speak of homosexuals because we are always among you; we may be sitting across the desk from you; we may be sleeping in the same bed with you.

There will be no compromises. We are not middle-class weaklings. Highly intelligent, we are the natural aristocrats of the human race, and steely-minded aristocrats never settle for less. Those who oppose us will be exiled.

We shall raise vast private armies, as Mishima did, to defeat you. We shall conquer the world because warriors inspired by and banded together by homosexual love and honor are invincible as were the ancient Greek soldiers.

The family unit-spawning ground of lies, betrayals, mediocrity, hypocrisy and violence--will be abolished. The family unit, which only dampens imagination and curbs free will, must be eliminated. Perfect boys will be conceived and grown in the genetic laboratory. They will be bonded together in communal setting, under the control and instruction of homosexual savants.

All churches who condemn us will be closed. Our only gods are handsome young men. We adhere to a cult of beauty, moral and esthetic. All that is ugly and vulgar and banal will be annihilated. Since we are alienated from middle-class heterosexual conventions, we are free to live our lives according to the dictates of the pure imagination. For us too much is not enough.

The exquisite society to emerge will be governed by an elite comprised of gay poets. One of the major requirements for a position of power in the new society of homoeroticism will be indulgence in the Greek passion. Any man contaminated with heterosexual lust will be automatically barred from a position of influence. All males who insist on remaining stupidly heterosexual will be tried in homosexual courts of justice and will become invisible men.

We shall rewrite history, history filled and debased with your heterosexual lies and distortions. We shall portray the homosexuality of the great leaders and thinkers who have shaped the world. We will demonstrate that homosexuality and intelligence and imagination are inextricably linked, and that homosexuality is a requirement for true nobility, true beauty in a man.

We shall be victorious because we are fueled with the ferocious bitterness of the oppressed who have been forced to play seemingly bit parts in your dumb, heterosexual shows throughout the ages. We too are capable of firing guns and manning the barricades of the ultimate revolution.

Tremble, hetero swine, when we appear before you without our masks.








Jewess Marlene Dixon, a R Marxist cum Maoist feminist leader spAke: “The institution of marriage is the chief vehicle for the perpetuation of the oppression of women; it is through the role of wife that the subjugation of women is maintained.  In a very real way the role of wife has been the genesis of women’s rebellion throughout history.”

Lesbian activist Jewess Robin Tyler  screamed from the organizers’ podium to the assembled marchers: “WE ARE GOING TO SAVE OUR CHILDREN!!!”

Below: Robin baby is on the left -- hey Robin baby--make sure you take your partner from all three orifices with a dildo dipped in kosher vinegar. -- you may have triplets and then you can save all 3 children.

AAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH  PPPTTHHHHEEEEOOOYYYYYYYYYYY!





Jewess Helen Sullinger and Jewess Nancy Lehman in their Declaration on Feminism, published in 1971, said, “Marriage has existed for the benefit of men and has been a legally sanctioned method of control over women.  ...Now we know it is the institution that has failed us and we must work to destroy it....The end of the institution of marriage is the necessary condition for the liberation of women.  Therefore it is important for us to encourage women to leave their husbands and not to live individually with men”




Porn is a toxic product of dystopia.  

APCO branded Mr Narendra Modi hark!  

Any government that permits it is under the dominion of evil.



Feminist leader  Jewess Gloria Steinem was the mouthpiece for the feminist movement in the late 1960s and early 70s.   She was an ex- Playboy Bunny at the New York Playboy Club. In the 1980's, she dated Jew Henry Kissinger.

Below: Showing the R illuminati sign.


Briefly she spied for R in India for two years after she graduated from college .  

She was pretty at the age of 22 .   



She kick started Trojan Horse NGOs to convert young Indian women into feminists.

Below: We know why she comes to India often


In the 1980's, she dated Henry Kissinger.



Probably one day I must expose Indian  politicians who has sex with white skinned honey traps sent by CIA .    Father of Indian Communism  MN Roy was married to such a honey trap the white Jewess and Rothschild agent  Evelyn Trent.





Above: Jewess and playboy bunny Mamie Van Doren with Jew Henry Kissinger.


“Henry was charming that evening at the White House and when he invited me back to his Georgetown apartment, I said yes. Little did I know that Dr. Kissinger had a whole different kind of diplomacy in mind ":- Mamie Van Doren

Below:  Jewess and lesbian Susan Sontag was the live in lover of Jewess Nicole Stéphane ( Baroness Nicole de Rothschild daughter of  Baron James-Henri de Rothschild ).



Below: Rothschild woman Jewess Edwina Mountbatten was a BI-SEXUAL – ( lesbian in her young age ). One of her lesbian partners was her own sister-in-law Nadejda Mountbatten







http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html

I want all my readers to go through the above post.


INDIA IS UNDER ATTACK !!





DOES MODI KNOW IN GOA , A WHITE MAN CAN HAVE ORAL/ ANAL SEX WITH A SMALL CHILD FOR AS LITTLE AS 100 RUPEES EVEN TODAY ?  

IS THIS WHY YOU GIVE VISA ON ARRIVA FOR YOUR PATRON ZIONISTS NATIONS MR NARENDRA MODI ?

Goa has a long secret tradition of being the SECOND BANGKOK for pedophiles ( with MANILA as no 3 ) .

I have been around the world , I know.

Freddy Peats, was arrested in April 1990 by the Goa police for allegedly sexually abusing 150 boys of ages six to 12 in his "orphanage" on Colva beach.  

The police raid unearthed more than 2,000 photographs of small nude children ( boys and girls ) engaged in various oral/ anal homosexual sexual acts.   Also found were counterfeit passports and records of overseas cash transactions, suggesting child traffic and prostitution.

I REMEMBER ONE WHITE YANK TELLING ME-  HE WAS HIGH ON ACID AND  WANTED A BLOW JOB ( he described it as PHOOK NAUKRI ) FROM A WOMAN AT GOA BEACH –  

SO THERE WAS THIS SMALL BOY GUIDE ( WHO ALSO SOLD PEANUTS ) KEEPING ON PLEADING IN BROKEN ENGLISH TUGGING HIS HAND  “ SIR , THAT WOMAN IS NOT GOOD, YOU GIVE ME HALF THAT MONEY AND I WILL GIVE YOU BETTER BLOW JOB “

Despite widespread outrage, Peats was soon released on bail. The Goa Police claims there were "insufficient legal grounds" to keep him behind bars, with TROJAN HORSE NGOs bribing all and sundry.

In 1987, Spartacus, a gay travel magazine with a circulation of about 60,000, had listed Goa as a sex destination for homosexuals.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/jewish-russian-mafia-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


The Jewish Russian and Israeli Mafia in Goa is well armed ( and well connected ) and they will KILL WHISTLEBLOWERS if needed to save themselves.   

They have neuro-psychologists in their payroll to certify DEMENTIA and SCHIZOPHRENIA if arrested . Even Yakub Memon has such a certicate.

Below: Lord Mountbatten ( whose wife Edwina is from R family )  emerging from a boy orphan's home after a tete e tete.



YES-- THESE ARE COOKED HUMAN BALLS !




Japanese soldiers in Rabaul loved to eat the balls of Indian INA soldiers they ate – they ate 21000 Indian men.   Since it was a delicacy only high ranking Jap officers could eat it .

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2149879/Japanese-man-22-cooks-genitals-serves-paying-dinner-party-guests.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/netaji-subhash-chandra-bose-untold.html




WHEN I WROTE MY POST ABOVE ALL RIDICULED ME AND ACCUSED OF LYING.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Japanese-ate-Indian-PoWs-used-them-as-live-targets-in-WWII/articleshow/40017577.cms



NOW WIKIPEDIA HAS ACCEPTED IT !

QUOTE: Cannibalism[edit]
Many written reports and testimonies collected by the Australian War Crimes Section of the Tokyo tribunal, and investigated by prosecutor William Webb (the future Judge-in-Chief), indicate that Japanese personnel in many parts of Asia and the Pacific committed acts of cannibalism against Allied prisoners of war. In many cases this was inspired by ever-increasing Allied attacks on Japanese supply lines, and the death and illness of Japanese personnel as a result of hunger. According to historian Yuki Tanaka: "cannibalism was often a systematic activity conducted by whole squads and under the command of officers".[112] This frequently involved murder for the purpose of securing bodies. For example, an Indian POW, Havildar Changdi Ram, testified that: "[on November 12, 1944] the Kempeitai beheaded [an Allied] pilot. I saw this from behind a tree and watched some of the Japanese cut flesh from his arms, legs, hips, buttocks and carry it off to their quarters ... They cut it [into] small pieces and fried it."[113]

In some cases, flesh was cut from living people: another Indian POW, Lance Naik Hatam Ali (later a citizen of Pakistan), testified in New Guinea and stated:


"... the Japanese started selecting prisoners and every day one prisoner was taken out and killed and eaten by the soldiers. I personally saw this happen and about 100 prisoners were eaten at this place by the Japanese. The remainder of us were taken to another spot 50 miles [80 km] away where 10 prisoners died of sickness. At this place, the Japanese again started selecting prisoners to eat. Those selected were taken to a hut where their flesh was cut from their bodies while they were alive and they were thrown into a ditch where they later died."[114]- UNQUOTE 

US CONGRESS WANTS TO LEGALISE BESTIALITY AND PEDOPHILIA



Why did R give Dalai Lama the Nobel Prize for peace in 1989?
This was QUID PRO QUO.
Since then DALAI LAMA has been actively supporting gay sex and GAY MARRIAGES ?
Who gave this Buddhist man shelter in India ?
In a 1994 interview with OUT Magazine, the Dalai Lama-  “If two males or two females voluntarily agree to have mutual satisfaction without further implication of harming others, then it is okay.'”

In his 1996 book Beyond Dogma, he described a traditional Buddhist definition of an appropriate sexual act as follows: “A sexual act is deemed proper when the couples use the organs intended for sexual intercourse and nothing else… Homosexuality, whether it is between men or between women, is not improper in itself . What is improper is the use of organs already defined as inappropriate for sexual contact.”
Dalai Lama told TV talk show host Larry King - "If two people - a couple - really feel that way is more practical, more sort of satisfaction, both sides fully agree, then OK"
Like how our own TRIPLE SRI considers himself as the mouthpiece of Hindus ( he is granted permission by Rothschild ) , Dalai Lama does the same for Buddhists.
Who has authorized these two people, sponsored by Zionists all over the globe to be spokesmen like the Pope ?
In a series of tweets, the founder of Art of Living Foundation Sri Sri Ravishankar LIED that Hinduism has never considered homosexuality a crime. He LIED that Ayyappa , the 9th avatar of Vishnu was a product of homosexual sex between Shiva and Vishnu ( mind you Shiva/ Vishnu ) are COSMIC ALLEGORIES.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

TRIPLE SRI is a darling of the NEW WORLD ORDER and our BENAMI media.




HEY TRIPLE SRI-   

IF I ASK YOU A QUESTION IN SANSKRIT ON VEDAS , CAN YOU ANSWER ,----   I KNOW YOU CANT --AT LEAST CAN YOU TRANSLATE INTO ENGLISH ? 

WHAT IS YOU KNOWLEDGE IN HINDU SCRIPTURES THAT YOU ACT AS AN EXPERT?





Sri Sri Ravi ShankarVerified account
‏@SriSri

Isolated incidents doesn't mean India is intolerant. Obama should have met religious leaders while in India for better understanding.







HEY TRIPLE SRI -- WHAT MAKES YOU SO SURE THAT YOU REPRESENT HINDUS ? BABA RAMDEV REPRESENTS HINDUS, NOT YOU .


Baba Ramdev is hated by the NWO and benami media.—as he called  homosexuality “ a vice, an addiction and a crime.”


ALMOST EVERY DAY YOU FIND BENAMI MEDIA RUNNING DOWN HINDUSIM AS A SEXUALLY PERVERTED RELIGION.

HERE IS AN EXAMPLE IN  TIMES OF INDIA—TODAY.

http://www.speakingtree.in/spiritual-slideshow/seekers/mysticism/sex-rituals-of-aghori-sadhus?utm_source=TOInewHP_TILwidget&utm_medium=ABtest&utm_campaign=TOInewHP&Referer=timesofindia.indiatimes.com

AGHORI  DEAD CORPSE EATING AND NECROMANIAC SEX PERVERT LORD SHIVA--  IS POISON INJECTED BY THE WHITE INVADER .

TODAY THE ZIONIST FUNDED TROJAN HORSE NGOs , THE NEW WORLD ORDER STOOGES AND BENAMI MEDIA IS ON OVERDRIVE –SPREADING FOUL LIES ABOUT HINDUSIM AND DEVIANT SEX .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/kamasutra-by-vatsayana-immoral-sexual.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html



Every year more than 4000 people were charged with having DEVIANT sex with children under 15 in Thailand.


Here is a 90 year old GERMAN JEW ( Australin citizen ) who wanted young children to lick his anus..
.




Karl Joseph Kraus had been giving FREE English lessons to the children, aged five to 12. At the time of his arrest in June 2010, police investigators said they had found more than 100 photos of naked porn children on the hard drive of his computer.  



In mid-2012, after procuring new travel documents, using Jewish NGOs he fled to Myanmar.  A month later he was arrested by Myanmar authorities in the eastern Karen state capital of Pa-an and returned to Thailand.

WE INDIANS WANT PM MODI TO STOP CULTURAL TERRORISM IN INDIA .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/cultural-terrorism-by-benami-media-and.html

HOUR AFTER HOUR OUR BENAMI MEDIA IS ENGAGED IN HEGELIAN DIALECTIC ON BEHAF OF THEIR FOREIGN ZIONIST MASTERS.    



SPIRITUALLY INCLINED  INDIAN HINDUS ARE MADE OUT TO BE THE SCUM ON EARTH BY THESE DESH DROHI JUDAS INDIANS .  


ALL THESE PRESSITITUES HAVE HINDU NAMES BUT ARE MOSTLY CONVERTS .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html




“We entered the synagogue, which was packed with the greatest stinking bunch of humanity I have ever seen. When we got about halfway up, the head rabbi, who was dressed in a fur hat similar to that worn by Henry VIII of England and in a surplice heavily embroidered and very filthy, came down and met the General (Eisenhower)...The smell was so terrible that I almost fainted and actually about three hours later lost my lunch as the result remembering it." ~ General Patton in Germany, diary entry Sept 17, 1945

For saying the truth above , and slapping a cowardly Jew soldier Gen Patton was killed by Jew Gen Eisenhower ( later US President ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/assassination-of-general-george-patton.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html


According to Time magazine of September 17, 1945, the US government provided their soldiers with an estimated 50 million condoms per month, and graphically instructed them as to their use.

One of the US soldiers wrote home  “ For all practical purposes, our soldiers were being told: , Teach these Germans a lesson — and have a wonderful time!--  Such were the great crusaders who brought “democracy” to Europe.”

All of these 50 million condoms per month were consumed-- by doing what? 

Using them as beach volleyballs?

PRAY?


PRITHEE??


We do know that there were no whore houses in Germany at the end of the war.

Two million German women were raped after the 2nd world war by Jew Eisenhower’s Allied soldiers.


The fall guys were of course the Red Star army of the Russians ( with their Jewish Commisars ? )  and the Black African soldiers.

A serviceman wrote to TIME magazine for November 12, 1945 "Many a sane American family would recoil in horror if they knew how 'Our Boys' conduct themselves, with such complete callousness in human relationships over here." 

A US army sergeant wrote "Our own Army and the British Army ...have done their share of looting and raping... This offensive attitude among our troops is not at all general, but the percentage is large enough to have given our Army a pretty black name, and we too are considered an army of rapists."

Wanna know the conviction rate --  after hundreds of millions of Jew Eisehnhower issued condoms were consumed by the Allied army ?

Hold your breath-- ladies and gentlemen--  this is Kangaroo court justice for you.

Of 29 soldiers executed for rape by the US military authorities, 25 were black. 

--though African-Americans were very few in the army and were a miniscule percentage of the list of the accused.

Wanna know more about "Victor's Justice" and "Kangaroo Courts?"


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html




Wikipedia now has determined that India is a VERY BAD PLACE for women.

Here is a Wikipedia gem --

QUOTE: Human rights groups allege that the Indian armed forces under the protection of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 have carried out a large amount of rapes in the Nagaland, Assam and Manipur provinces :UNQUOTE

Here is yet another Wikipedia gem.

QUOTE  There have been allegations of rape and mass rape in Jammu and Kashmir being carried out by Indian armed forces  UNQUOTE

This is what they concluded  --

QUOTE --   A poll produced by Thomson Reuters foundation revealed that India is the world’s fourth most dangerous place for women and worse than Somalia.  India fared only slightly better than Afghanistan and Congo --  UNQUOTE.

What else can you expect from a Zionist mouth piece.

So, Japan will be the safest for girls in that bullshit list , right ? .

Do you want to know what happens to 75 % of the Japanese school girls? 

Punch into Google search -     CHIKAN GROPING VIDEO FREE.

---  and then click on the video section. ( Children below 18 and women are NOT allowed to see these videos ).


What happens to young girls in USA , Europe etc I do know.    For I have been sailing around this planet for 4 decades , with my eyes open.



Almost every newspaper around the planet, has LIED and painted India as HELL FOR WOMEN.   All in a nation where women are respected.

In India the rape percentage is less than 0.001% while in Norway it is greater than 10% ( as per Wiki ) -- or ten thousand times more .  

For Indian women, obscene comments and unwanted sexual advances are routine. Some say they have structured their entire lives around protecting themselves—Daily News

Although India may be the world's largest democracy, it is also one of the most dangerous countries for women.—Examiner

Hideous violence against women is nothing new in India—Time World

"The only effective deterrent is if women are armed and prepared to use the firearm in self-defence," said Abhijeet Singh, of Indians for Guns.—The Guardian

U.N. Woman, an agency of the world body, has called on the Indian government “to do everything in their power to take up radical reforms, ensure justice and reach out with robust public services to make women’s lives more safe and secure.”—Los Angeles Times

New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India- CNN

A lot depends on what a society’s values are.

In India a girl is expected to be a virgin on her wedding night.

With rapid Westernization , and effects of “Bold and the beautiful “ type TV programs , Christian girls of big Indian cities are no longer expected to be virgins and the young girls have to find their own husbands,  as there is NO “arranged marriage” ( by parents ) security.

So on a date the Pickle John has to taste the Chutney Mary’s fruit , even if she is not willing—or she can forget about the next date and word will fly in their closed society that she is a bit frigid or even a lesbian –to spite her..

“Love marriage” is a huge fallacy, it is just “an arrangement of convenience”.  If you are in Timbuktu you “fall in love” with a girl from Timbuktu to set up home.

Let me tell a joke.

A white man in the West, comes home one hour before usual from office, as he is not well  . He peeps into the bed room hearing OOOH and AAAHS , and he sees his 40 year old wife having wild sex with the neighbor’s 15 year old son on his own bed.

So he convinces himself  “ well it is a permissive society-- blah blah ” and he fetches his beer and puts on the TV and starts watching a baseball match.

The next day out of curiosity he comes home two hours earlier. He sees his petite 14 year old daughter having sex with the huge black gardener on the lawn.  So he says to himself “ well it is a permissive --- “ and so he fetches ze beer and does ditto.

The next day he arrives at the usual time.

He sees his 16 year old son watching a football match on TV with his buddy. Both are eating pizza and his son’s friend was wiping his greasy hand on the sofa cover , on the quiet.

He blew his top and worked himself into a terrible rage  “How dare you — manners sonny boy —manners – bad upbringing blah blah blah !!”.


Well ladies and gentlemen,  reactions depends on what your family, culture  and society values are.


HEY APCO BRANDED MR NARENDRA MODI-

WHO IS THE MOST SEARCHED INDIAN PERSON ON INTERNET IN 2014,  AND FETED BY ALL FOREIGN FUNDED TV,  AS THE INDIAN WOMAN ICON -?

YES-- 


HARD CORE PORN STAR , SUNNY LEONE, WITH PLASTIC EVERYWHERE !!   


We have some foreign funded NGOs making placards for the CGUTNET MARY and PICKLE JOHN protestors. 

ASHAMED TO BE INDIAN,  I HATE INDIA etc. 

Way to go!! 


Will such placards be allowed anywhere else on this planet?   Hey, pack your bags and go to USA, Australia, Portugal,  Pakistan or Saudi Arabia -- we wont miss you.

Below: Kerala Syrian Jewess nay Christian speaking about RAPIST Indian high caste Hindu men




Below: Kerala Syrian Jewess nay Christian ( cousin of NDTV Prannoy Roy - who has a white mother ) speaking lying that India is NOT making any economic progress .




WHEN BRITAIN LEFT INDIA IN 1947,  WE HAD 5.6 LAKH  ( 560, 000 ) ANGLO INDIANS -- THERE WAS NOT A SINGLE CASE OF RAPE IN A COURT OF LAW.  


All the Western people who have NOT understood India -- listen up --

Our Indian girls are virgins when they marry-- unlike your girls.

A married Indian woman will NOT open her legs out for anybody,  other than her husband-- unlike your women.

There lies the difference . 

INDIA HAS THE LEST AMOUNT OF RAPE, CRIME, DIVORCE ON THIS PLANET-NOT BY COUNT , AS WE HAVE 1300 MILLION PEOPLE-BUT BY PERCENTAHE.

UNDERSTOOD? 

Or do you have the FUCKIN’ perception to understand this?


Think hard --you will get it soon enough.
lexander CaesarDecember 23, 2012 at 9:44 AM
Hello Sir ... I am a regular reader of your blogs.Have been following your each & every articles of your blogs for the past 1 year.I admire what you write.

I truly appreciate the contributions of People like you who have exposure to various kinds of hidden secrets / knowledge & information sharing their knowledge through their blogs.

Currently India needs more People like you who have the real knowledge of the "Absolute Truth" & not any Bull Sh*ts.We indians needs a sense of pride on "Who We Really Are".

The blogs you write which are related to our true past "Indian History" & our ancient knowledge & especially the one you write about "HINDUISM" are very fascinating & extremely important for the young indian hindu people.

This gang rape incident is indeed sad & it is worrisome.Yes ... I agree.India is far better & safer for women when compared to other countries (just like you have mentioned).But still our indian women generalize men as a whole based on a couple of incidents like these.

There are many crimes done by women against men.But sadly they don't even get published in a local newspaper.But when incident's like these happen, it gets a mass coverage in both newspapers & media too.When there is any crime done against women, it is not only the women that come out & protest but there are also many men that protest & shout slogans along with women.But why is it that when there is a crime done agianst a man by a women, we are not seeing any women on the streets in support of a man ? ... Even fellow men hardly ever come out for a protest.Why is this bias / double standards ? ...

But Don't you think all this hype & continuous coverage in mass media could be a propaganda by the west (rothschild, secret societies, illuminat's etc) by influencing our media so as to accomplish their Agenda ? ... Are they pushing for a "POPULATION CONTROL" agenda here in India ? ... These FEMINIST organisaitons & NGO's in india backed by the western money are trying so hard to push for some "BILL AMENDMENT" which i am not sure about.But it is something that would definitely make the life of men a "Living Hell".

What if all these are done for some hidden agenda's ? ...

* POPULATION REDUCTION (You can see women in the news channels pushing to include Chemical Castration as a method of punishment).What if a women misuse these laws ?

* Further Divide India by creating hatred between men & women

* Gender War

We all know that there are so many "FALSE ALLEGATIONS" charged by women against men & yet it is the MEN who suffer.There are no proper investigation when the accused is a man.Our cops arrest men without even a proper warrant or investigation just because some women has complained that the guy Eve teased the women.Isn't this the pathetic state of men in India ?
ReplyDelete

Replies


Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 23, 2012 at 11:07 AM
hi alexander,

only handsome hunks know the devious games women play to get what they want.

every act of sex is 50:50, unless it is rape.

yes, we need to have tougher laws in NORTH india, where eve teasing is rampant ( verbal only and may be some groping too ).

i have been groped in crowded buses by girls. i feel pity for them. now imagine , i can complain to the law and imagine that girl be hanged. or i could shout STOP GROPING ME and disgrace her.

for when a woman starts creaming between the legs -- ALL HER DEFENCES ARE DOWN. this is the way god made here.

when men get a hard on--their blood supply goes to the penis and the brain is deprived of blood causing lack of thinking abilities-- but man can still think.

i once asked a attractive young punjabi girl ( 20 years ) why she dresses up so provocatively. she tells me in front of her husband that since she cant do it in delhi she is wearing such clothes in mumbai.

and then she adds " i do enjoy male attention and a little bit of eve teasing. it makes me feel good"

her HUGE muscular husband then says " i do NOT like to walk with her in delhi, for if i do so,i will have to fight with my fists ".

at least this girl told the truth.

why do women wear padded bras, thongs and skin tights ?

does any man ever put a banana in his pants ?

why double standards?

punch into google search ADAM VS EVE, BATTLE OF THE SEXES -VADAKAYIL

capt ajit vadakayil

..


In Leviticus 18:22, it is written: "And you shall not cohabit with a male as one cohabits with a woman; it is an abomination."

And in Leviticus 20:13, it is written: "And if a man cohabits with a male as with a woman, both of them have done an abominable thing; they shall be put to death; their blood falls back upon them."

 It has been estimated that as many 14% of Jewish men and 6 % of Jewish woman are homosexuals. The UNION FOR REFORMED JUDAISM movement was started by these Jews.

 Not only are homosexuals accepted in Reform congregations, the movement also accepts gay and lesbian rabbis.

Today, Judaism, more than any religion, has rejected moral judgments against homosexuality, and supports the gay agenda.  They have used Media and Hollywood to endorse that being homosexual is like being a left hander .

They have their own TROJAN HORSE NGOs in every nation spreading homosexuality using money power .  

Reform Judaism, representing 41 percent of American religious Jews, is now in total endorsement of sodomy.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/trojan-horse-foreign-funded-ngos-of.html

It says:

"We hold that homosexuality is no longer {an abomination}; it is not a mental illness or social deviancy; it is not a perversion of the natural order.  Homosexuality is not a choice or a preference; it is not something that one decides to do or abstain from doing.  It is, like, heterosexuality, the way one is.  As such it makes no sense on religious or moral grounds to differentiate between people on the basis of sexual orientation."



Eric H. Yoffie is a Reform rabbi, and past president of the Union for Reform Judaism (URJ), the congregational arm of the Reform movement in USA, which represents an estimated 1.6 million 

Reform Jews in more than 920 synagogues across the United States and Canada. He was the R sponsored unchallenged head of American Judaism’s largest denomination from 1996 to 2012.

In 2005, he introduced the Sacred Choices curriculum to teach homosexualily and  LIBERAL sexual ethics to teens in Reform camps and congregations.  Sacred Choice curriculum treats homosexuality as a NO less valid an option than heterosexuality.

Rabbi Eric Yoffie, president of the Union For Reformed Judaism, apAke:  For the first time in history, a major rabbinical body has affirmed the Jewish validity of committed, same-gender relationships.

The current head of URJ Rabbi Richard (Rick) J. Jacobs has a home in Israel.



























Jewish Bolshevik Bella Kuhn, conquering Hungary after the Russian Revolution in 1917, force-fed homosexuality into the curriculum of public education, transforming Hungary's youth into moral degenerates. 


Several years ago, through Barnes and Noble bookstores, ADL promoted homosexuality through their "No Place for Hate" program. It encouraged families visiting the bookstores to invite a homosexual couple to their home for an evening. 

This would teach kids, ADL suggested, that there's no truth in Christian judgments against sodomy. Gays, ADL says, are some of the nicest, most non-threatening folks your kids can get to know.


ADL sought special legal protection for homosexuality, making it a "hate crime" to exhibit bias or discrimination against those who practice it.  

Same thing is happening in India today. If you object to two homosexuals petting in pubic in front of your children the BENAMI media wants to punish you for HATE speech and BIGOTRY

On my ship a young 19 year old sikh cadet slapped a 45 year old Chitpavan Jew Maharashtrian Chief Officer  for fondling his penis by groping under his shorts in the CARGO CONTROL ROOM during cargo work.   

This issue was brought to the notice of the American Office in PARK STREET AVENUE NEW YORK ) owners cum technical managers ) .  

The Captain who handed over to the ship and this Chief Officer over to me said , that the white Yanks ( 100 % white skinned office ) in the office were mortally scared because the President of this Shipping Company was a Jew and a known homosexual.   


Later when I met this Chief Officer ( he was 4 years senior to me , yet still a three striper while I was a Captain for 14 years ) I noticed that he had waxed / threaded and removed all hair from his legs and face.  There was NO trace of a shaved moustache or beard .




ADL wants homosexuals protected, not just in housing, employment and same-sex marriage, but even from words!   ADL claims it should be illegal to even criticize same-sex behaviors in public.   



Today in India if you deny a flat to a known homosexual, you can be in legal trouble. The BENAMI media will support the homosexual while he makes false charges of verbal assault.



Jewish Anti Defamation League ADL has contrived a twisted definition of hate: "bias" against homosexuality and pushed for hate laws legislation . 

In many Zionist countries thanks to such hate laws, public expressions of such bias on the air waves, print media, or even on the street corner, can mean exorbitant fines or imprisonment.  

Below: I have seen dozens of such parades in the decadent west- these perverts are made out to be the BOUNTY of this planet - is this what you want for your children ?



VERY SOON WE WILL HAVE SUCH NAKED HOMOSEXUAL DECADENCE IN INDIA.    

OUR APCO BRANDED AND JEW DARLING PM MODIHAS MADE IT EASY ( WITH VISA ON ARRIVAL )  FOR WHITE  HOMOSEXUALS TO COME TO INDIA FOR BABY ADOPTION, AND JEWISH LESBIANS GETTING ARTIFICIALLY INSEMINATED WITH INDIAN DNA SEMEN. 


SUCH PRIVATE FERTILITY HOSPITALS ARE FUNDED BY ZIONIST FUNDED TROJAN HORSE NGOs .  THE DOCTORS GET FREE SEXUAL JAUNTS ABROAD. 

In the west if a talk show host even suggests that homosexuals have a higher rate of AIDS, he can be fined and jailed, and the radio station airing his "hate" can lose its broadcast license.

Below: This happened 6 months ago--our BENAMI media went GA GA-- FREEDOM--CHOICE- RIGHTS --COOL !



In the Zionist west hate crime court, only the feelings of homosexuals, not truth, matter.  Truth becomes HATE SPEECH..

If a homosexual feels "intimidated" by public criticism, he can file hate crimes charges against the critic. The truth will never be allowed in court.  If a family loving man has been found guilty of hurting a perverted homosexual's feelings, ( who was giving a blow job in a public park ) he can face a  USD  10,000 fine.  

If he persists in criticizing homosexuals, he may face years in prison.  ADL has employed the best Jewish lawyers and the judges are compromised ( the non-Jewish , no-homosexual Judges are scared) . 
Ever since TRIPLE SRI said on NDTV that Hinduism allows homosexuality, and Shiva-Vishnu had homosexual sex to create Lord Ayyappa, he is a darling of our BENAMI media .




Considering the wholesale encouragement of homosexuality, in Reform Judaism, it isn't surprising that Jewish activists have spearheaded the gay rights movement.   Jewish homosexuals constitute a disproportionately large percentage of leadership and staff of major homosexual organizations.  


Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 6, 2014 at 5:57 PM
STOP PRESS:

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO WATCH THIS YOUTUBE VIDEO WHERE AN INDIAN WOMAN IS BITCHING ABOUT INDIA AND INDIAN MEN , TO A GORA AUDIENCE

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLo97Bu8Fo0

very soon she will find herself in the TOP 100 of human rights activists--and she will share human rights awards with white presidents and PMs.

india bashing by indians is very lucrative.

unlike any one of you-- i have seen this planet for 40 years.

now i ask you to ponder :--

imagine a similar audience in india and compare it with the white audience in the vido who are listening to this desh drohi woman mira vijayan --nay-- vijayann --as if they are shell shocked ..

WHAT IS THE % OF WOMEN IN THE AUDIENCE WHO WERE VIRGINS WHEN THEY GOT MARRIED?

OUT OF THIS DE-VIRGINATED GIRLS PRIOR MARRIAGE -- HOW MANY PERCENTAGE OF WOMEN OPENED OUT THEY LEGS WILLINGLY ? what % were forced upon them on dates - -in a culture where the boy MUST taste the fruits?

WHAT IS THE PERCENTAGE OF PERVERTED HOMOSEXUALS AND PEDOPHILES IN THE AUDIENCE?

WHAT IS THE % 0F MARRIED PEOPLE IN THE AUDIENCE WHO HAVE CHEATED ON THEIR SPOUSES SEXUALLY.

WHAT IS THE % OF WOMEN WHOSE HUSBANDS HAVE DESERTED THEM -- OR ARE DIVORCED ?

WHAT IS THE % OF WOMEN WHO IF STILL MARRIED ARE HAPPILY MARRIED WITH CHILDREN ?

NOW--

COMPARE THIS WITH A SIMILAR INDIAN AUDIENCE ?

there lies the answer.

statistics must be in percentages .

you cant compare a country with 1 million people to another country with 1300 million people.

if know how safe the streets in western countries are for women at night -- despite all their thousands of hidden spy cams on every street .

oh yeah-- it is so safe to whizz past in locked cars !!

A DEBAUCHED AND PERVERTED SOCIETY SHEDDING CROCODILE TEARS ?

these debauched and jealous people even tried to fix mata amritanandamayi .

the BENAMI indian owned media had created a situation where any man can be put in jail--based on the complaint by any woman.

they have done it to asaram bapu, kanchi shankaracharya, nityananda --and so many spiritual hindu leaders.

buy hey- - osho has rampant sexual orgies in his campus-- that was OK ! no foreign supari fed pressititute will talk about it.

ALL SUCH FAKE PROPAGANDA WILL NOT WORK.

and this female JUDAS meera vijayan ---NAY-- vijayann can continue bitching about her motherland-- and spread more slime--

IT WONT WORK !

INDIANS HAVE WOKEN UP !

capt ajit vadakayil
..





Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 1, 2014 at 5:01 AM

STOP PRESS:

TIME TO EXHUME A LONG BURIED TRUTH.

US President Obama accompanied Narendra Modi to the monumental statue of Martin Luther King, Jr. on the Washington Mall--as King was Obama's hero.

US Congress voted to make King's birthday a national holiday..

Modi presented Obama with audio-video clips from the 1959 India visit of Martin Luther King. .

In a radio address made during his final evening in India, King reflected, "Since being in India, I am more convinced than ever before that the method of nonviolent resistance is the most potent weapon available to oppressed people in their struggle for justice and human dignity".

King was sent to India by R to prop up Gandhi as a world hero . He would later go back to USA and advance civil rights using nonviolent civil disobedience .

On October 14, 1964, King received the Nobel Peace Prize for combating racial inequality through nonviolence-- wrangled by R .

When receiving the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964, hailing the "successful precedent" of using non-violence "in a magnificent way by Mohandas K. Gandhi ( another R stooge ) to challenge the might of the British Empire... He struggled only with the weapons of truth, soul force, non-injury and courage." .

King was assassinated by a bullet in 1968 . He was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal .

R made both Gandhi and Martin Luther King read Tolstoy .

U.S. Attorney General Bobby Kennedy ordered Martin Luther King” office and bed room to be bugged .
Massive evidence collected showed him to be fond of white skinned prostitutes ( whom he used to beat up severely after perverted sex ) though he had 4 children .

MARTIN LUTHER KING WAS FOUND TO BE A BOLSHEVIK ROTHSCHILD COMMUNIST .

Evidence proved that King was under the direct orders of Soviet spies and financed by the R Communist Party. The Kennedy tapings continued for 5 long years .

It was Bayard Rustin ( the homosexual gay marriage supporter ) who introduced Martin Luther King to a Jewish R Soviet spy named Stanley D. Levison . On November 20, 2013, President Barack Obama posthumously awarded Rustin the Presidential Medal of Freedom .

Bayard Rustin was arrested in Pasadena, California, in 1953 for homosexual activity with two other men in a parked car. Originally charged with vagrancy and lewd conduct, he pleaded guilty to a single, lesser charge of "sex perversion" (as consensual sodomy was officially referred to in California then) and served 60 days in jail .

At a White House ceremony on November 20, 2013, President Obama presented Rustin's award to Walter Naegle, his gay sex partner in bed for ten years
HULLLOOOOO - are these are heroes ?
Well well—let me say NO more !

capt ajit vadakayil
..





 "My opinion of Christian Zionists ?  They're scum, but don't tell them that.   We need all the useful idiots we can get right now." ~ Bibi Netanyahu



Bibbbeeee we all know that most Christian Zionists US Congressmen are crypto Jew or married to Jewish women or just plain SHIT scared of the R banksters .

EVER SEEN A BUNCH OF CHOOTS CLAPPING  LIKE THERE IS NO TOMORROW  ?   HERE IT IS !!




Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 10:30 AM
sad Aane
March 20, 2015 at 10:53 PM
WHO CONTROLS THE U.S.A.
List Summaries

INTERNET

Who Controls E-Bay?
Summary:
Of the nine(9) eBay executives, six(6) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 67%. Of the eleven(11) eBay directors, two(2) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 18%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the eBay executives by a factor of 33.5 times(3,350 percent) and over-represented among the eBay directors by a factor of 9 times(900 percent).

Who Controls Apple?
Summary:
Of the ten(10) Apple executives, three(3) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 30%. Of the eight(8) Apple directors, five(5) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 63%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Apple executives by a factor of 15 times(1,500 percent) and over-represented among the Apple directors by a factor of 31.5 times(3,150 percent).

Who Controls Yahoo?
Summary:
Of the thirteen(13) Yahoo! executives, eight(8) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 62%. Of the eleven(11) Yahoo! directors, five(5) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 45%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Yahoo! executives by a factor of 31 times(3,100 percent) and over-represented among the Yahoo! directors by a factor of 22.5 times(2,250 percent).

Who Controls Google?
Summary:
Of the six(6) Google executives, four(4) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 67%. Of the ten(10) Google directors, four(4) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 40%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Google executives by a factor of 33.5 times(3,350 percent) and over-represented among the Google directors by a factor of 20 times(2,000 percent).

Who Controls Amazon?
Summary:
Of the eleven(11) Amazon.com executives, eight(8) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 73%. Of the nine(9) Amazon.com directors, six(6) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 67%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Amazon.com executives by a factor of 36.5 times(3,650 percent) and over-represented among the Amazon.com directors by a factor of 33.5 times(3,350 percent).

Who Controls Facebook?
Summary:
Of the three(3) Facebook executives, three(3) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 100%. Of the seven(7) Facebook directors, four(4) are Jews or partial Jews. This is a numerical representation of 57%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the Facebook executives by a factor of 50 times(5,000 percent) and over-represented among the Facebook directors by a factor of 28.5 times(2,850 percent).

Of the seventeen(17) Microsoft executives, six(6) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 35%. Of the nine(9) Microsoft directors, five(5) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 56%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the Microsoft executives by a factor of 17.5 times (1,750 percent) and over-represented among the Microsoft directors by a factor of 28 times(2,800 percent).

Who Controls Wikimedia?
Summary:
Of the seventeen(17) Wikimedia senior staff and trustees, five(5) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 29%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the Wikimedia senior staff and trustees by a factor of 14.5 times(1,450 percent).

CONTINUED TO 2-
ReplyDelete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 10:32 AM
MEDIA

Who Controls Big Media?
Summary:
Of the twelve(12) senior executives of the “Big Six” media corporations, nine(9) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 75%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the “Big Six” media corporations by a factor of 37.5 times(3,750 percent).

Who Controls Hollywood?
Summary:
Of the sixty(60) senior executives of the major Hollywood studios, trade unions, and talent agencies, fifty(50) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 83%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major Hollywood studios, trade unions, and talent agencies by a factor of 41.5 times(4,150 percent).

Who Controls Television?
Summary:
Of the sixty-four(64) senior executives of the major television broadcast networks, cable networks, and production companies, fifty-seven(57) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 89%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major television broadcast networks, cable networks, and production companies by a factor of 44.5 times(4,450 percent).

Who Controls Music?
Summary:
Of the fifty(50) senior executives of the major music labels and trade organizations, thirty-nine(39) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 78%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major music labels and trade organizations by a factor of 39 times(3,900 percent).

Who Controls Radio?
Summary:
Of the forty-six(46) senior executives of the major radio broadcast networks and station owners, twenty-eight(28) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 61%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major radio broadcast networks and station owners by a factor of 30.5 times(3,050 percent).

Who Controls Advertising?
Summary:
Of the forty-six(46) senior executives of the major advertising corporations and trade associations, thirty-one(31) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 67%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major advertising corporations and trade associations by a factor of 33.5 times(3,350 percent).

Who Controls the News? (Part 1)
Summary:
Of the sixty-seven(67) senior executives of the major television and radio news networks, forty-seven(47) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 70%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major television and radio news networks by a factor of 35 times(3,500 percent).

Who Controls the News? (Part 2)
Summary:
Of the sixty-five(65) senior executives of the major newspapers and news magazines, forty-two(42) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 65%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major newspapers and news magazines by a factor of 32.5 times(3,250 percent).


BANKING

Who Controls the Economy?
Summary:
Of the sixty(60) senior officials of the U.S. Government economic, financial, and monetary institutions, thirty-nine(39) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 65%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior officials of the U.S. Government economic, financial, and monetary institutions by a factor of 32.5 times(3,250 percent).

Who Controls Wall Street? (Part 1)

CONTINUED TO 3-
ReplyDelete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 10:33 AM
Summary:
Of the fifty-one(51) senior executives of the major Wall Street banks, trade exchanges, and regulatory agencies, thirty-seven(37) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 72%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major Wall Street banks, trade exchanges, and regulatory agencies by a factor of 36 times(3,600 percent).

Summary:
Of the forty(40) senior executives of the major Wall Street mutual funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, and brokerages, twenty-six(26) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 65%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major Wall Street mutual funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, and brokerages by a factor of 32.5 times(3,250 percent).

Who Controls Goldman Sachs?
Summary:
Of the nine(9) Goldman Sachs executives, seven(7) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 78%. Of the twelve(12) Goldman Sachs directors, six(6) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 50%. Of the thirty-three(33) Goldman Sachs management committee members, twenty(20) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 61%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Goldman Sachs executives by a factor of 39 times(3,900 percent), over-represented among the Goldman Sachs directors by a factor of 25 times(2,500 percent), and over-represented on the Goldman Sachs management committee by a factor of 30.5 times(3,050 percent).

Who Controls JPMorgan Chase?
Summary:
Of the ten(10) JPMorgan Chase Operating Committee members, nine are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 90%. Of the eleven(11) JPMorgan Chase directors, six(6) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 45%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the JPMorgan Chase Operating Committee members by a factor of 45 times(4,500 percent) and over-represented among the JPMorgan Chase directors by a factor of 22.5 times(2,250 percent).

Who Controls American International Group?
Summary:
Of the sixteen(16) directors and trustees of American International Group, twelve(12) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 75%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the directors and trustees of American International Group by a factor of 37.5 times(3,750 percent).

Who Controls the Treasury Department?
Summary:
Of the twenty-six(26) U.S. Treasury Department senior officials, eighteen(18) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 69%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the U.S. Treasury Department senior officials by a factor of 34.5 times times(3,450 percent).

Who Controls the Federal Reserve System?
Summary:
Of the seven(7) Federal Reserve Board governors, four(4) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 57%. Of the twelve(12) Federal Reserve District Bank presidents, four(4) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 33%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors by a factor of 28.5 times (2,850 percent), and over-represented among the Federal Reserve District Bank presidents by a factor of 16.5 times(1,650 percent).

GOVERNMENT



CONTINUED TO 4-
ReplyDelete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 10:35 AM
Who Controls the White House?
Summary:
Of the eleven(11) current and former senior advisors of President Barack Obama, nine(9) are Jews, partial Jews, or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 82%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the current and former senior advisors of President Barack Obama by a factor of 41 times(4,100 percent).

Who Controls the Senate?
Summary:
Of the twenty(20) U.S. Senate Committee chairmen, eight(8) are Jews or partial Jews. This is a numerical representation of 40%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the U.S. Senate Committee chairmen by a factor of 20 times(2,000 percent).

Who Controls the Congress?
Summary:
Of the forty-two(42) U.S. House Committee chairmen and ranking members, six(6) are Jews or partial Jews. This is a numerical representation of 14%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the U.S. House Committee chairmen and ranking members by a factor of 7 times(700 percent).

Who Controls the Supreme Court?
Summary:
Of the nine(9) U.S. Supreme Court justices, four(4) are Jews or partial Jews. This is a numerical representation of 44%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the U.S. Supreme Court justices by a factor of 22 times(2,200 percent).

Who Controls the State Department?
Summary:
Of the seventy-four(74) U.S. State Department senior officials, forty(40) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 54%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the U.S. State Department senior officials by a factor of 27 times(2,700 percent).

Who Controls the Justice Department?
Summary:
Of the forty-seven(47) U.S. Justice Department senior officials, twenty-two(22) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 47%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the U.S. Justice Department senior officials by a factor of 23.5 times(2,350 percent).

Who Controls the Defense Department?
Summary:
Of the one-hundred eleven(111) U.S. Defense Department senior officials, forty(40) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 36%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the U.S. Defense Department senior officials by a factor of 18 times(1,800 percent).

Who Controls the Treasury Department?
Summary:
Of the twenty-six(26) U.S. Treasury Department senior officials, eighteen(18) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 69%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the U.S. Treasury Department senior officials by a factor of 34.5 times times(3,450 percent).

Who Controls the Group of Thirty?
Summary:
Of the forty-three(43) Group of Thirty members, twenty-three(23) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 53%. Jews are approximately .25% of the world population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Group of Thirty members by a factor of 212 times(21,200 percent).

CONTINUED TO 6-
ReplyDelete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 10:37 AM
Who Controls the Bilderberg Group?
Summary:
Of the thirty-five(35) Bilberberg Steering Committee members, sixteen(16) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 46%. Jews are approximately 1% of the population of the Western world.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented on the Bilberberg Steering Committee by a factor of 46 times(4,600 percent).

Who Controls the Trilateral Commission?
Summary:
Of the fifty-six(56) Trilateral Commission Executive Committee members, twenty-three(23) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 41%. Jews are approximately .25% of the world population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented on the Trilateral Commission Executive Committee by a factor of 164 times(16,400 percent).

Who Controls the Council on Foreign Relations? (Part 1)
Summary:
Of the forty-three(43) Council on Foreign Relations directors, twenty-eight(28) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 65%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Council on Foreign Relations directors by a factor of 32.5 times(3,250 percent).

Who Controls the Council on Foreign Relations? (Part 2)
Summary:
Of the fifty-five(55) Council on Foreign Relations think tank members, thirty-one(31) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 56%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented in the Council on Foreign Relations think tank by a factor of 28 times(2,800 percent).

SOCIETY

Who Controls the Ivy League?
Summary:
Of the twenty-four(24) senior administrators of the Ivy League colleges and universities, twenty(20) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 83%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior administrators of the Ivy League colleges and universities by a factor of 41.5 times(4,150 percent).

Who Controls the Think Tanks?
Summary:
Of the thirty(30) senior executives of the major think tanks, eighteen(18) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 60%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major think tanks by a factor of 30 times(3,000 percent).

Who Controls Professional Sports?
Summary:
Of the sixty(60) senior executives of the major sports leagues, talent agencies, and media outlets, forty-three(43) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 72%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the senior executives of the major sports leagues, talent agencies, and media outlets by a factor of 36 times(3,600 percent).

Who Controls the Anti-Defamation League?
Summary:
Of the fifty-three(53) executives and directors of the Anti-Defamation League, fifty-three(53) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 100%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the senior executives and directors of the Anti-Defamation League by a factor of 50 times(5,000 percent).

Who Controls the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Summary:
Of the twenty-two(22) Southern Poverty Law Center senior program staff members, fifteen(15) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 68%. Of the thirteen(13) Southern Poverty Law Center directors, eight(8) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 62%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Southern Poverty Law Center senior program staff members by a factor of 34 times(3,400 percent), and over-represented among the Southern Poverty Law Center directors by a factor of 31 times(3,100 percent).

Who Controls the American Civil Liberties Union?
Summary:

CONTINUED TO 7-
ReplyDelete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 10:38 AM
Of the nine(9) executives of the American Civil Liberties Union, four(4) are Jews. This is a numerical representation of 44%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews are over-represented among the executives of the American Civil Liberties Union by a factor of 22 times(2,200 percent).

Who Controls the Defense Policy Board?
Summary:
Of the twenty-two(22) Defense Policy Board members, fourteen(14) are Jews or have Jewish spouses. This is a numerical representation of 64%. Jews are approximately 2% of the U.S. population.* Therefore Jews and spouses of Jews are over-represented among the Defense Policy Board members by a factor of 32 times(3,200 percent).


Delete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 21, 2015 at 5:45 AM
AND IF YOU WANNA KNOW HOW JEWS GET ALL THE NOBEL PRIZES--

BUT THEY NEVER COME FIRST IN AN OPEN IQ / BRAIN COMPETITION IN WHICH INDIANS / CHINESE / KOREANS COMPETE ( QUESTION PAPER SET BY A NON-JEW )

JEW ALBERT EINSTEN , THE WORLDs NO 1 GENIUS - HAD NOTHING ORIGINAL -- EVERYTHING COPIED FROM VEDAS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html

22% of all Nobel prize winners ( 185 numbers ) are Jews, who form a miniscule 0.192 % of world population.

An unsolicited series, entitled Revelations on the Jews' superior intelligence, was launched by the Jews in 1995. To this Capt Vadakayil says NONSENSE – this is fuc#in’ bullsh#t.

It is the Jew’s immoral shrewdness and inherent cunningness which took him places.

Rothschild monopolized all “peer reviewed magazines” , scientific journals and “patent granting houses”.

They would reject valuable works and then wait for the author or inventor to die ( or be killed ), and then this valuable work would crop up as Jewish original invention or discovery, later.

To cock a snook at Serbian Nikola Tesla, JP Morgan the agent of Rothschild gave free patents to Thomas Alva Edison.

Sometimes Indians wonder how SIR Ashutosh Mukherjee the Vice-Chancellor of Calcutta University from 1906 to 1914 and again from 1921 to 1923 got knighted.

SIR title does NOT come free.

The seminal work of several unknown brilliant Indian scientists went secretly to the west and they took the credit and the patents .

Muslims constitute 24.1% of this planet’s population while Jews are a mere 0.19%. The few Nobel prizes given to Muslims were vulgar rewards for throwing muck at Islam. The Physics Nobel prize given to Pakistani Ahmediyya sect Abdus Salam in 2005 should have gone to Sudarshan-- for the subject of Unified theory of the weak and electromagnetic interactions.

1.4 billion Chinese and 1.2 billion Indians making up 3 out of 6 people on earth do NOT have brains to get a Nobel prize, right? Yet it is strange inconsistency that if you go to any US university, the Computer Science and Electronic strain classes (which require brains and competition ), have only Indians and Chinese , with a sprinkling of whites.

Does the Nobel prize have any meaning, when the only time a Muslim gets it for peace , is for throwing mud on Muslims, on behalf of Jews?

41% of Economics Nobel prize winners are Zionist Jews. Only they understand dirty money, right? The anti-wall street protesters will agree.

1.5 billion Muslims have received just 3 Nobel prizes. We will NOT talk about Muslims who got joint Peace prizes with Jews or Literature prizes for toeing the Zionist line.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Buddha Zorba
August 24, 2015 at 1:05 AM
It's not just Calcium Carbide, banned chemical Oxytocin is secretly being injected into fruits and vegetables.

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad/Slow-poison-in-our-fruits/articleshow/48581975.cms?utm_source=COLUMBIA&utm_medium=COLUMBIA&utm_campaign=COLUMBIA

ReplyDelete
#########################

hi bz,

this is a zionist conspiracy using their TROJAN HORSE NGOs.

ARTIFICIAL OXYTOCIN ENCOURAGES HOMOSEXUALITY AND BESTIALITY.

LONG AGO , I HAD MADE A MENTIONED OF THIS AS A COMMENT.

I DID NOT ELABORATE AS I DID NOT WANT TO GIVE MATCH STICKS TO MONKEYS.

IN TAMIL NADU THEY USE THESE CHEMICALS ON FRUITS AND THEN EXPORT IS TO KERALA ) AFTER THE MULLAPERIAR DAM DISPUTE . 

THE CHRISTIAN EVANGELIST NGOs ALSO HIRED ROWDIES IN SABARIMALA PILGRIM GARB TO THROW STONES SO THAT KERALA AND TAMIL PILGRIMS FIGHT WITH EACH OTHER .

THEY ARE JEALOUS AS SABARIMALA IS THE WORLDs NO 1 PILGRIMAGE CENTRE ( 55 MILLION IN 2015 ).

THERE ARE MANY SECRETS I DO NOT REVEAL FULLY.

I HAVE MENTIONED CURING HOMOSEXUALITY VIA THE VAGUS NERGE/ AMYGDALA ROUTE IN MY YOGA POST.

YOU CAN ALSO CURE HOMOSEXUALITY BY THE MENTAL ROUTE.

I BOAST THAT I AM THIS PLANETs NO 1 "CHANGE MANAGER"

SO ARE THE FOLLOWING POSTS ALL THERE IS TO IT ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/change-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/domino-effect-in-change-management-capt.html

PEOPLE HAVE GONE GA GA AFTER READING THE POSTS ABOVE.

BY LEFT BALL !

THE ABOVE IS JUST 5% OF MY TECHNIQUE.

PEOPLE WHO HAVE SEEN ME WILL VOUCH THAT CAPTAIN KEPT EVERYBODY WITHING 12 FEET OF HIM--STANDING --YET LEANING BACK AND RELAXING ON THE NAVIGATING BRIDGE. ( THIS HAS TO DO WITH KEEPING PEOPLE WITHIN MY AURA FIELD ).

as per our puranas lord shiva imparted knowledge to the 4 kumaras WITHOUT speaking--it was just aura transfer.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/01/lord-shiva-as-first-guru-dakshinamurthy.html

AS A CHANGE MANAGER I TRANSFERRED INFORMATION AND COMMAND FROM MY RIGHT BRAIN LOBE TO THEIR RIGHT BRAIN LOBE- SUBCONSCIOUS TO SUBCONSCIOUS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/humor-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

SO DID ANYBODDY EVER THINK THAT MY UNIQUE HUMOR MANAGEMENT WAS ALL ABOUT BULLSHIT JOKES ?

The subconscious mind responds to stimuli. The right brainlobe is not argumentative or analytical.  It accepts every statement of mine directly on the face value. It has NO sense of time. That is why I would lecture for 4 hours at a stretch without anybody moving a inch. The right brain lobe ( for left handers ) give the POWER to do the job.The subconscious mind has unlimited memory as is able to GRASP and absorb. I make them visualise. I tell them the job in hand is a piece of cake. Thinking is not an action of the mind , but an action of our entire body. Tell your subconscious what you want repeatedly and it will produce it. You can call this visualization or intention. Unlike hypnosis I do NOT open my crew’s mind WITHOUT their consent. A hypnotist talks directly to the subconscious mind, without interference from reasoning . I did NOT hypnotize-my route was SPIRITUAL. I kept them at a level of ALPHA MIND using this planet's heartbeat field resonance.

SEE IN THIS DIRTY POST ABOUT FISSURED ASSHOLES WITH COLD SORES-- I HAVE PUT IN A DIAMOND MORE LUSTROUS AND PRICELESS THAN KOHINOOR.

I DI NOT WANT TO GIVE THIS MATCH STICK TO MONKEYS . 
NOW PEOPLE ARE GONNA CALL ME GURUJI ALL OVER AGAIN WITH HAJAAAR GUSTO .

capt ajit vadakayil

...

OXYTOCIN PRODUCED NATURALLY BY THE HUMAN BODY SAVES - WHEN A PREGNANT WOMAN SPENDS TIME WITH LOVES ONES IT BOOSTS HER OXYTOCIN LEVELS -  ARTIFICIAL SYNTHETIC OXYTOCIN WILL DESTROY THE HUMAN RACE .

ammuJanuary 23, 2014 at 1:28 PM
Hi Captain,
I am pregnant and i completed 9 months and 9 days already. As per doctor all my reports are normal. she said we can wait for another week. But as this is my first baby, i am experiencing lot of stress and anxiety. Please help me.
ReplyDelete

Replies


Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 23, 2014 at 1:50 PM
hi a,

Your due date is calculated by counting forward 280 days from the start of your last menstrual period.

There is NO need to worry too much upto 42 weeks .

First time mothers gave birth on average 5 days over their due date. One in 20 women go beyond 42 weeks .

However I will tell you a secret which doctors will NOT know.

Tell your husband to stimulate your nipple and make it erect , by flicking it with his tongue – this will release a neurotransmitter and hormone OXYTOCIN which will induce labour pains.

Take a short walk daily inside your home walls.

Follow your doctors professional advise -- get a check up ..

capt ajit vadakayil

..
 


Ashtanga Vinyasa yoga can stimulate the vagus nerve and amygdala can control wild urges where gays and lesbians prey on underage children .  A lot of these underage children with warped DNA become gays and lesbians later on in life.

The Amygdala is a sexually differentiated organ meaning that it is different in men, women and  homosexuals.  Male erections and orgasms are triggered in the amygdala.

The ability to feel specific base sexual desire, the ability to feel love for the same gender as a complex emotions, is made possible by the amygdala.

It is a paradox that most homosexual men and straight women have almost identically constructed amygdalas.

It is another paradox that most straight men and lesbians have identically shaped amygdala's. .

Emotional memories  are buried deep in the amygdala. The amygdala is directly involved in the perception of sexual pheromones. 

The amygdala controls all aspects of emotional and sexual functioning.  Electrical stimulation of the amygdala induces uterine contractions, milk production, ovulation and erections in males.

The amygdala also controls cortisol which is a fight or flight hormone.  This hormone is toxic and a chemical weapon of brain destruction.  It's also the belly fat hormone.  Cortisol is not relevant to the amygdala.   However oxytocin keeps cortisol in check because it takes it pushed it out in the urine.

Otherwise toxic cortisol would eat away at the hippocampus, a major pleasure center of the brain.

Brain imaging studies indicate that oxytocin keeps the amygdala balanced.  

Oxytocin helps us to forget negative experiences. 

This is why homosexuals are shameless—they get caught and hammered but after one hour he starts groping young boys again in crowded public transport.



When lesbians pet they takes in molecules of estrogen and oxytocin emitted by the other's body. When gays pet they inhale each other's testosterone, oxytocin, and vasopressin. Lesbians experience more oxytocin while gays experience less oxytocin and more vasopressin.



Oxytocin receptors are expressed by neurons in the amygdala. Nasally administered oxytocin can reduce fear, possibly by inhibiting the amygdala . Oxytocin has a half-life of around three minutes in the blood.  Oxytocin given intravenously does not enter the brain in significant quantities - it is excluded from the brain by the blood-brain barrier.

Oxytocin is released into the blood during labour - triggering the production of breast milk - and floods the brain during breastfeeding, helping mother and baby bond.  

In spray form, oxytocin ( mixed with one more hormone )  can make a man 'feel' like a woman. 



Oxytocin which instills trust, increases loyalty, and promotes the “tend and befriend” response.

Oxytocin nasal spray is used in hospitals to induce labour, and so it  means the sprays should not be used by pregnant women.

Oxytocin ( plus another hormone ) can be used to con people of their money. They say a fool and his money are soon parted—but here it will happen sooner , to the most skeptic person.


OXYTOCIN REDUCES ACTIVITY IN THE AMYGDALA, CREATING TRUST.  ( Cant give a matchstick to monkeys !)

The fear-processing circuitry is briefly damped.

Oxytocin injected into the cerebrospinal fluid causes an instantaneous hard on in rats

TEE HEEEE!

Two major hormones involved in a feeling of gay attachment; oxytocin and vasopressin.  An enlarged subpopulation of vasopressin containing neurons can be found in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN) of homosexual men as compared to heterosexuals.

Vasopressin is a hormone in the commitment stage and is released after lustful sex.  Vasopressin is called "the monogamy chemical", and suppression of vasopressin can cause males to abandon their love nest and seek prey..





The Zionist west sprayed this OXYTOCIN chemical into Islamic prisoner camps to trigger homosexuality. 


They have mixed this oxytocin hormone in water and by injecting it in fruits.

THIS IS LUST - NOT LOVE 


NOWDAYS WESTERN GAYS AND LESBIANS INHALE OXYTOCIN SPRAY BEFORE LUSTFUL DIRTY SEX. 

THE LOOKS OF THE PARTNER NOW BECOMES IRRELEVENT.

IN BESTAILITY THE WOMEN MAKES HER DOG SNIFF THIS OXYTOCIN HORMORE TO GET MORE AGGRESSIVE WHILE HUMPING.   

WHEN SUCH PERVERTED WOMEN HAVE BABIES LATER THE GIRL CHILD HAS MENSES AS EARLY AS 7 YEARS OF AGE and MOST ARE RETARDED/ DISFIGURED  .



TODAY A HUGE PERCENTAGE OF WESTERN LESBIAN WOMEN CARRY OXYTOCIN SPRAY IN THEIR PURSES TO SEDUCE SMALL GIRLS.


Below: Is it possible for a vengeful woman to convert her husband into a homosexual before she divorces him ? - YES ! 

This is a matchstick to  a monkey- 


I ask our JEW darling Narendra Modi to save Bharatmata from trojan Horse NGOs who have a mission of converting Indians into homosexuals via the food wand water chain .




TODAY DEBAUCHED GAYS ARE USING OXYTOCIN SPRAY FOR ANAL SEX FROM DOGS.   AFTER SEX AND EXTINGUISHING ITS LUST , THE DOG BITES -- THEY HAVE LEARNT IT THE HARD WAY  


Neuroimaging studies have reported that oxytocin decreases activation in the amygdala.  




There is a REVERSE SWING soon.   




Every HOMOSEXUAL who uses this spray has found out the hard way that oxytocin spray , increases JEALOUSY AND AGGRESSION after sexual climax.





Excerpt from a medical statistics study:--
QUOTE: The team recruited 16 dogs. (It would be nice for my story if one of the subjects was an Akita dog, the same breed as Hachiko, but no: nine standard poodles, four Labrador retrievers, one German shepherd, one Shetland sheep dog and one border collie.)



The animals were given oxytocin in a nasal spray, and their behavior was recorded for the next half hour. The team found that compared with dogs given only a saline nasal spray, the oxytocin-dosed dogs showed more positive social behavior toward other dogs and humans. They approached them more, looked toward them more and initiated social contact more: UNQUOTE



WE WILL NOT HAVE THIS IN INDIA.



LET THE ZIONIST WEST KEEP DECADENCE IN THEIR OWN COUNTRIES.



CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL CALLS OXYTOCIN - AN ATHEIST MOLECULE. AFTER READING MY 900 ODD BLOG POSTS ,  DO YOU THINK I AM STUPID ?




THIS BLOGSITE WANTS MODI TO MONITOR THE USE OF OXYTOCIN IN INDIA -

I ASK MY READERS TO SPREAD THIS INFORMATION ON FACEBOOK AND TWITTER 


SYNTHETIC OXYTOCIN IS NOT A LOVE MOLECULE- IT IS A FOUL LUST MOLECULE.


Lust is just temporary commitment  that last only long enough to fulfill the base desire.  After a gay pervert has ejaculated on the same gender in a crowded bus on a small boy ,  the first thing he tries to do is to escape at the next bus stop.

For lust is only interested is self pleasure as it is basically sexual greed -- far away from romantic love. Lust is physical chemistry over a short period of time.  It is filled with desire, passion, acquisitiveness and intense animal emotions.

Lust when not tempered with compassion and empathy,  can lead to extreme emotionally damaging behavior. 

While in animal lust a man does NOT care if the partner has anything at all in common with him. It could even be a hole he made in his mattress.



AYN RAND WAS THE MISTRESS OF ROTHSCHILD
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/back-swing-of-john-galt-capt-ajit.html





Lust is what a man feels when he goes to a whore. He will NOT even wait for the whore to dress up after sex.

Lust produces NO deep emotional bonding-no matter what the proponents of GAY MARRIAGES say.

Lust is what brings you in and love is what keeps you there. When you are in love with someone, you see a future with the other person and your partner is included in your life plans . Lust is usually for the short term and love is for the long term. This is why homosexuals need multiple partners.

Love is an intense feeling of affection and care towards another person. If your partner is the first person that you think about when you want to share your innermost thoughts, then you may be in love.


There is a great willingness to make sacrifices for another and working at settling differences. There is this ability to compromise so that either both win or at least give the other person's opinion a chance.

Love creates commitment to another and intentions are genuine intentions.  You don’t ake an ass out of a person you love. They think about the other person's feelings before acting.



Love fosters security, peace, inner happiness and a stable , solid partnership which can provide the ideal atmosphere to raise confident, content and secure children. Love is unconditional and the real deal.

When you talk to a person you love , you get lost in your conversations, and the hours pass like minutes.  You're more than willing to listen to her when she goes on and on about her day. 



The chemistry between you is magic.  You find her beautiful even if you catch her sweaty doing some chore in the garden with with no makeup on . No man likes a sweaty whore.



Her smile looks so beautiful to you.and you want to cuddle her. It really does NOT matter if she does NOT allow you to pet her or even make love to her ( you dont use the word screw ) . All you want to do is to be with her, whether you're having sex or not.

Even if she tells you that sex will have to wait, you don't care



Love sees a bright future together . There is this feeling that your life would be totally empty without her. 


You want to introduce her to your family  . It becomes suddenly important to you that your parents like her, and that she gets along with everyone close to you.  You include her in all your plans . 

UN WANTS TO SPREAD HOMOSEXUALITY IN INDIA


If she's not there, you can't get her off your mind and sneak off to give her a quick "I miss you" phone call.


Wonder how many gays introduce their boy friends to their parents—and how many gays want to have gay children –  don’t fu#kin’ lie , you dripping ch00ts.




My daughter told me I am a psychopath murderer - I was NOT shocked , I was happy !  She told me I always cheat in exams and peep into other people's toilets -- I was so happy, she is my daughter- who else can she go to-- I am so proud of my daughter . AUR KARO BETI ! 






How did UGLY Kissinger baby ( known as secret swinger ) have sex with gorgeous playboy bunnies and penthouse centre spreads ? 

Well these VETTED girls were MADE for zionist power brokers.  Enough of these girls have confessed to whom all they were made to have sex with.

This is what is happening in India too.

R created Hindu gurus . 

R makes them famous using his BENAMI media. 

R then opens hundreds of branches for them world wide. 

R then gets them to go to town crying HINDUISM HAS ALWAYS ACCEPTED 
HOMOSEXUALITY AND DEVIANT SEX.



R wanted his white troops in India to have good sex. This way he did NOT have to pay them high wages.

The first thing R did was to make Indians feel that their religion is permissive.  The FAKE story of temple prostitutes was created.

A FAKE Kamasutra book was made.  A noble Maharishi Vatsayana was made out to be a peeping tom of brothels.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/kamasutra-by-vatsayana-immoral-sexual.html



Then a FAKE tradition was made where young girls after first menses must marry Hindu bachelor gods . These VIRGIN girls were carefully chosen for their good looks.  

High ranking white officers got to de-flower virgins.  

When these desperate girls lost HOPE they were given  CHALISAs written in Awadhi to recite.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html





I want my readers to do research on two SEX SLAVES of the NWO- Brice Taylor, author of Thanks for the Memories (1999) and Cathy O'Brien (with Mark Phillips) author of Trance-Formation of America (1995). 

Do you think these two women below are mad ? I know body language-  I dont think so !







Both women say that they were prostituted to world leaders as children. They talk about SHADOW GOVERNMENTS in most nations.  According to Brice Taylor, whose real name is Sue Ford, Henry Kissinger is the CEO for the Illuminati who prefers to remain in the shadows.  

These two women are at great risk .



They say that strings are pulled and people crawl out of the woodwork-  come out of nowhere -- and mysteriously rise to prominence aided by the PRESSTITUTES.



 Most of these SPROUTED LEADERS and PERCEPTION MOULDERS on TV are either part of the NWO system or they are BLACKMAILED by their sex history..

The families of SEX robots sexually abuse their children generation after generation to produce the trauma which causes multiple personality disorder –it is programmed in their DNA.



These sex cults operate within many organizations including NGOs, charities, Zionist created gurus, churches, boys/girls clubs, Freemason lodges, day cares and private schools.  

Hour after hour PRESSTITUTES brainwash young impressionable minds about pleasures of deviant porn and homosexuality.



Both women were sexually abused as babies. Cathy O'Brien said she was given her father's penis instead of a baby bottle which she drank right up to maturity ( MK Ultra Program).  


Cathy appeared in several child pornography and bestiality films.




Cathy O'Brien  says she “ serviced an array of US presidents and wannabe US presidents . Presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon come out clean and are NOT among these presidents. 

When Cathy O'Brien's daughter Kelly was born in 1980, they often worked as a mother-daughter team. Cathy O'Brien worked as a sex slave at Bohemian Grove, the elite's perversion playground on the Russian River in California. – 






She says the place is wired for video in order to capture world leaders in compromising acts for BLACKMAIL later.

"Slaves of advancing age or with failing programming were ritualistically murdered at random in the wooded grounds of Bohemian Grove...There was a room of shackles and tortures, an opium den, ritualistic sex altars, group orgy rooms...I was used as a "rag doll" in the toy store and as a urinal in the "golden arches" room." (169-170)




Strangely, mind controlled sex slaves are used as diplomats and lobbyists as well. At a Governor's Conference, Secretary of Education Bill Bennett advised Cathy O'Brien to "persuade these Governors at their weakest moment, bring them to their knees while you are on yours, and convince them that global education [the Education 2000 initiative] is the way to the future if there is to be any future at all." (173)


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/snuff-movies-freemason-benjamin.html



Why have these two women been spared?


Perhaps they are OVER confident of their power, and think these women won't be believed as their stories cross the threshold of BIZARRE. - 



JAPS ARE FOND OF SNUFF MOVIES--THE MORE BLOOD AND GORE THE BETTER--THIS IS REAL , NOT ACTING




WHEN I WROTE ABOUT JAPS EATING 21000 INDIAN INA SOLDIERS FOR DINNER ALL WERE SARCASTIC, RIGHT ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/netaji-subhash-chandra-bose-untold.html



IN THE POST ABOVE THERE ARE 650 KILOMETERS ( LIKE DIGGING A TUNNEL FROM MUMAI TO HYDERABAD THROUGH  HARD PUMICE ROCK )  OF DARK TUNNELS—

I HAVE RISKED MY LIFE TO VISIT THEM.  



It all started with me asking a local man whose grandfather was a Chief —

“Without power tools how did the Japs do it ?”

He said “Men dug it ?

I asked “ Japs?”

He said “ NO, people who look like you—with brown skin , some with turbans . After the job they ate them . Today we locals are being accused of cannibalism by the western media .“


Let me quote Wikipedia-

QUOTE: According to historian Yuki Tanaka, "cannibalism was often a systematic activity conducted by whole squads and under the command of officers".[94]

In some cases, flesh was cut from living people. An Indian POW, Lance Naik Hatam Ali (later a citizen of Pakistan), testified that in New Guinea: "the Japanese started selecting prisoners and every day one prisoner was taken out and killed and eaten by the soldiers. I personally saw this happen and about 100 prisoners were eaten at this place by the Japanese. 

The remainder of us were taken to another spot 50 miles (80 kilometres) away where 10 prisoners died of sickness. At this place, the Japanese again started selecting prisoners to eat. Those selected were taken to a hut where their flesh was cut from their bodies while they were alive and they were thrown into a ditch where they later died."[95]:UNQUOTE


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuru_(disease)









WANNA KNOW MORE ABOUT JEW COLUMBUS AND HIS DEPRAVITY?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/christopher-columbus-father-of-american.html

Below: Who do you think this could be-- Yes-- a Jew -Steven Cohen.  Dont object, it could be HATE speech. His prick and balls had to be blotted out .



You may wonder why in the Hollywood movie THE HANGOVER three DRUGGED men wake up in a trashed Vegas hotel room with no idea why an infant is in a closet, Mike Tyson’s traumatized tiger is in the bathroom, with a chicken is roaming (around with a funny walk) , and their about-to-be married friend has gone missing— this may sound a bit over-the-top to most of us, but it’s routine --  there is a security camera shot of a drugged attempt to have ANAL SEX with a tranquilised tiger.



WHY ARE MOST SERIAL KILLER PSYCHOPATHS UNMARRIED ( SANS FAMILY ) HOMOSEXUALS? STATISTICS DO NOT LIE.

THESE PSYCHOPATHS WERE INCAPABLE OF LOVE ( CAPABLE OF LUST ALONE ) AND DID NOT HAVE GUILT ( LIKE HOW HOMOSEXUALS DO NOT HAVE GUILT WHILE PREYING ON BABIES ).

The flaw with modern Psychology, is that it lets the morally impaired decide whether they are mentally ill.

While homosexuals talk of their ability to love and maintain meaningful relationships, the evidence clearly shows 99.99%  otherwise. Homosexuality is hedonism on hormones. It is a serious pursuit of pleasure with a total disregard for the well being of others.

Loving relationships are those that express concern and respect for the physical well-being of others-even more than your own.

The average homosexual male has scores of sexual relation ships involving hundreds and thousands of sexual experiences each and every year shows a complete disregard for wellbeing of their partners.

Statistically they are incapable of maintaining enduring relationships.



Below: A commercial Ad ( Fastrack fashion brand ) asking Indian lesbians to come out in the open! Fastrack was launched in 1998 as a sub-brand of Titan watches . It was spun off as an independent Accessory brand targeting the urban youth in 2005. Do we allow them to spread homosexuality in India , Mr Narendra Modi ?



THE ZIONISTS CLAIM THAT MORE INDIAN WOMEN ARE WHORES THAN THE REST OF THE PLANET.




BELOW: WOMEN FROM INDIA AND PHILIPPINES ARE ADULTRESSES.


http://www.indiatimes.com/news/india/india-might-have-more-women-cheaters-than-men-according-to-leading-adultery-website-244433.html

THE BENAMI MEDIA IS INVOLVED IN DOING FALSE PROPAGANDA THAT MORE WOMEN IN INDIA WANT SEXUAL AFFAIRS OUTSIDE MARRIAGE THAN MEN.

They show DIGITAL PROOF.


India has 85% women adulteresses and SLUTS .



WHY IS PM MODI ALLOWING THIS ?









But our Indian married adulteresses are safe.

Let me quote Wikipedia:--
QUOTE - The NCW has demanded that women should not be punished for adultery, as a woman is "the victim and not an offender" in such cases. They have also advocated the amendment of Section 198 of the CrPC to allow women to file complaints against unfaithful husbands and prosecute them for their promiscuous behaviour. This was in response to "loopholes" in the Indian Penal code that allowed men to file adultery charges against other men who have engaged in illicit relations but does not allow women to file charges against their husbands.[8] The Commission has also worked to guarantee women security in unconventional relationships.[7]--UNQUOTE 




A MARRIED INDIAN WOMAN CAN FUCK AS MANY MEN AS SHE WANTS – HER BOSSES, HER PEONS, HER NEIGBOURS , HE DOORSTEP VENDORS – SHE IS IMMUNE   
BUT IF HER HUSBAND EVEN LOOKS AT ANOTHER WOMAN,  GOD SAVE HIM . 


AN INDIAN ADULTERESS IS AN ICON LIKE SAVITA BHABHI.   

SHE IS THE BOUNTY OF INDIA.

Below: Her Mangalsutra, Sindhoor and bindi are shown in every sex scene-- it is very important as per pervert Pritish Nandi. 


 http://blogs.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/extraordinaryissue/the-assassination-of-savita-bhabhi/



THIS IS WHAT THE UGLY MAN SAYS:--

QUOTE  : Savita Bhabhi is a symbol of freedom, of empowerment, of the sexuality our women can wield if they are allowed to escape the sham world we Indian men trap them in because of our own fears of sexual inadequacy masquerading as machismo.

What is Savita Bhabhi’s greatest appeal? That she is a typical Bharatiya nari who is brave enough to demonstrate that when it comes to sex she’s no pushover.

So even as they play coy and  subjugated, they are actually free women who live their lives on their own terms. I admire such women and worship on their altar.

No wonder Savita Bhabhi for me is iconic. She’s the woman who can take all her sexual decisions on her own without fretting over them. –

--a sari clad desi nari, her long dark tresses parted dutifully in the middle where the bright red sindoor flames, while a mangalsutra dangles between her ample breast: UNQUOTE

CHITPAVAN JEWS-- NAY --BRAHMINS FROM SHIV SENA SENT HIM TO RAJYA SABHA .

WHERE WILL INDIAs MORAL GUARDIAN CUM POLICE  SHIV SENA SEND HIM NEXT ?

AS CHAIRMAN OF FTII ?--

TO REPLACE GAJENDRA CHAUHAN ?



There is a ring of truth about Filipino married women looking for affairs.   

Philippines is the other nation after India where married women look for extra-marital affairs—as per the DIGITAL MAP provided by  Ashley Madison.



I have sailed with Filipino crew under my command, as I preferred them to Indians . They are NOT bright like Indians, but they more than make up by attitude. For a mentor they are like clay- can be easily moulded . They are obedient and eager to please. 


In the olden days the Filipino sailors were rotten, as they went for whoring in every port. But times have changed. The current bunch is more god fearing and are good family men.

But they do NOT trust their wives back home. An indicator is the percentage of death insurance they leave for their wives. I LEAVE 100%.  But they leave a small percentage for their wives , with a greater percentage for their children, and patents.


I MONITOR CALLS MADE TO HOME BY FILIPINO SAILORS AT ODD HOURS ( SAY BETWEEN 3 AM TO 5 AM) ON THE HOME LANDLINE.  THIS MEANS THEY DON’T TRUST THEIR WIVES AND ARE CHECKING OUT IF SHE IS HOME OR SLEEPING WITH HER LOVER.

TWICE IT SO HAPPENED THAT MY NAVIGATING BRIDGE OFFICERS WERE IN THIS SORRY STATE. WHEN A WATCH KEEPING MIND IS DISTURBED THE SHIP IS IN EXTREME DANGER. 

THEN I MAKE SURE THEIR WATCH IS DOUBLED BY GIVING AN EXTRA JUNIOR WATCH KEEPER .  AFTER ALL IN THIS SITUATION COMPASSION AND EMPHATY MUST TAKE PREPONDERANCE.


HEY, INDIAN WOMENs COMMISSION-

SO YOU WANT TO PUNISH ONLY MEN WHO HAVE SEX OUTSIDE MARRIAGE ?
IMMORAL MARRIED WOMEN ARE SAFE ?

WE KNOW WHO CHOSE YOU TO BE IN THE WOMENs COMMISSION.

DON’T YOU COMPROMISED ZIONIST PAYROLL WOMEN KNOW THAT --

IN AN ACT OF EXTRA MARITAL SEX ( WHICH IS NOT RAPE ) THE MATH EQUATION IS 50:50--   WITH ALMOST ALL THE TIME THE HORNY MARRIED WOMAN INITIATING THE SEXUAL CONTACT ?

WHICH MAN WILL APPROACH A MARRIED WOMAN WHO HISSES AT HIM IN DISGUST ?

How can a man with self respect approach a married woman for sex , if she does NOT agree.  Most of the time the husbands of these women are working their asses off abroad , trying to provide bread on the table.


Our INDIAN NATIONAL WOMENs COMMISSION regularly publishes a monthly newsletter, Rashtra Mahila in both Hindi and English.  

Hey, why don’t you publish these NAKED truths exposed by ASHLEY MADISON ?

Why are the Zionist nations interested in corrupting the minds of Indian women.


Below: Only handsome hunks know the devious games married Indian women play -- how they fuck you with their eyes -- all they are afraid of is SOCIAL STIGMA 



There is another ring of truth—

White men in Zionist nations want to marry Indian and Filipino women. I know a couple of them who have done this and they lead happy lives.  They do NOT want one-upmanship in their homes. They don’t want their women to COMMAND them to get between their legs like a cat lapping up milk.

Such is the effect of FOUL Zionist propaganda. 





If your man loves you he must do this.  If your man wants to get engaged with you he must buy for you a diamond rings which costs at least so many times his monthly wages.


Mind you, this white woman has changed so many men , that some of them have 20 or 30 such super expensive diamond rings in her locker at home--as soon as she got her ring, she changed her man.



Below: Adultery in the HEAD and the MENTAL COPULATION a woman does is more dangerous that actual sex .   For physical sex a man 's prick has to become HARD--  this is the way god willed it.  So for this reason , NWC says, only men are responsible and only men must be punished .


A MARRIED WOMAN WHO COMMITTED ADULTERY DOES NOT STOP  --SHE NOW GOES FOR MULTIPLE PARTNERS.   

THERE IS NO LOVE INVOLVED, ONLY LUST RULES  .


SHE NOW DOES MENTAL COPULATION WHENEVER SHE GETS A CHANGE - AND THEN "ROYAL NAGGING " STARTS AT HOME. 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/11/nagging-unhappiness-at-home-death-of.html

WHEN THE WOMAN STARTS NAGGING HER EXTRA-MARITAL PARTNER , HE WANTS OUT !



Obama spoke before the world’s largest gay rights political group, the Human Rights Campaign, on October 10, 2009.

Promising to “change America’s laws” and the “hearts and minds” of all Americans at the HRC’s Annual Dinner in Washington DC, Obama delivered the keynote address with a speech that drew an enthusiastic response.

The Human Rights Campaign has emerged as a powerful lobby, curried up to by Jews on Capitol Hill such as Diane Feinstein and Joseph Lieberman, funded by major Zionist corporations, and of course, given huge support by American Jewry.


In his speech, Obama gave his whole hearted support to the homosexual quest to destroy the American family, stating, “I’m here with you in your fight!” Obama said that those who disagreed with his homosexual agenda were simply wrong. “There’s still laws to change and there’s still hearts to open,” Obama told the group of deviant sex activists.


Declaring what NO former American President would ever say even in his wildest dreams, Obama, in an effort to DESTROY the traditional white Christian American family, promised that his presidency will help homosexuals, lesbians and transgenders. And by Obama redefining the meaning of the family, he furthers the disintegration of American society:



“There are still fellow citizens who hold fast to outworn arguments and old attitudes — who fail to see your families like their families — and that’s painful and it’s heartbreaking.

I expect to see a time in which our nation recognizes relationships between two men or two women as just as admirable as relationships between a man and a woman. (Applause!)

I expect to see our nation cherishing these relationships as we build a more perfect union—a union in which gay Americans are an important part. (Applause!) I am committed to these goals. And my administration will continue fighting to achieve them. 

I’ve required all agencies in the federal government to extend as many benefits as possible to LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender ) families. And I’ve called on Congress to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and to pass the Domestic Partners Benefits and Obligations Act.“






THE SANCTITY OF RELIGIOUS MARRIAGE WITH PURE FIRE AS WITNESS ----

--  FIRST TOOK PLACE IN INDIAN CIVILIZATION 




US president Obama’s PATHETIC speech makes is abundantly clear that  for the FIRST TIME in the history of America, a President affirms the radical Zionsit homosexual agenda. In doing so, Obama claims he is “upholding the ideals on which this nation was founded.” TEE HEEEEE !

CAN YOU UPHOLD A NATIONs BHALUES – NAY- VALUES BY LUST , ANAL SEX, PREYING ON MINORS, MULTIPLE SEX PARTHERS etc ?

America’s founding fathers upheld the essential role of the TRADITIONAL FAMILY as the “foundation of national morality.”  --and the logo IN GOD DO WE TRUST on the currency note.



Obama is an alleged homosexual himself.   





On June 18, 2008, before a large audience of political notables at the National Press Club in Washington DC, a man named Larry Sinclair revealed that a homosexual liaison took place between himself and Obama. 

Obama got this man arrested.




Both the ADL ( Anti Defamation League)  and the ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union) are headed and funded by Jews.   

These two groups have targeted white non-Jew children in America’s public schools by providing teaching aids, currucilae, and books such as the Early Childhood Activity Kit for Pre-K to 6th grade, which promotes homosexuality, lesbianism, and transgenderism.



Jewish children are exempt from this brainwashing as a high percentage are enrolled in private schools and taught at home and synagogue that the propagation of the Jewish race through traditional marriage is crucial for Jewish survival. 

But for non-Jew children , the Jews propose, “let deviant sex destroy their race!”

GOD SAVE THE NON-JEWS IN AMERICA !


The Rothschild media has done a terrific job in positioning the Jews as EVERLASTING VICTIMS ( no expiry date here ) .

They have exploited the Holocaust to make Americans feel protective of the poor Jewish victim of Anti-Semitism by endless propaganda .


SIX MILLION JEWS DEAD – JUST BECAUSE THE STAR OF DAVID HAS 6 CORNERS.  

THAT MANY JEWS DID NOT EXIST IN THE WHOLE OF EUROPE AT THAT TIME.



America is doomed to be a ridiculous Holocaust Remembrance society.  High School Curriculums throughout America are teeming with it.  Holocaust Museums and Holocaust Study Centers are in every major U.S. city.  The Jews have made sure that this has invaded the collective conscience of the white Christian. .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/when-lie-is-mightier-than-sword-capt.html





Above: Hitler ka naam sunke , saala paani bhi darr gaya ! TEE HEEEE !

The vile Jewish propaganda INVADED even nature.

They got some stooge Dr Emoto to do propaganda with his water crystals. For example anything which the Jews like would form a NICE crystal—SEE THE UNIVERSE KNOWS—PWOMISE—nay—PROMISE !

Hitler’s crystal would be horrible looking .

Mother Teresa’s crystal and Gandhi’s would be EKDUM CHENGA .

Sorry , in this internet age we know that Hitler was NOT an evil man.

We in India know today , that Mother Teresa was EVIL.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/diabolical-ministering-angel-mother.html


PUTIN IS THE ONLY HOPE IS WE HAVE TO SUSTAIN MORALITY ON THIS PLANET  . .   
APCO BRANDED NARENDRA MODI ALLOWS ALL TYPES OF SEXUAL PERVERSION (EXCEPT CHILD SEX ).




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/01/vladimir-putin-hero-of-free-world-capt.html


The traditional viewpoint is that the Torah mentions homosexuality twice in the book of Leviticus (JPS):

וְאֶת-זָכָר—לֹא תִשְׁכַּב, מִשְׁכְּבֵי אִשָּׁה: תּוֹעֵבָה, הִוא.
Lev.18:22 "Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind; it is abomination."

וְאִישׁ, אֲשֶׁר יִשְׁכַּב אֶת-זָכָר מִשְׁכְּבֵי אִשָּׁה—תּוֹעֵבָה עָשׂוּ, שְׁנֵיהֶם; מוֹת יוּמָתוּ, דְּמֵיהֶם בָּם.

Lev.20:13 "And if a man lie with mankind, as with womankind, both of them have committed abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them."

AS YOU CAN SEE ORTHODOX JEWS ( UNLIKE THE ZIONISTS ) DO NOT SUPPORT HOMOSEXUALITY AND ANAL SEX.





KING OF PORN JEW STEVEN HIRSCH IS PROUD OF HIS FAMILY PORN INDUSTRY --


THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF GAY WHITE SKINNED JEWS JEWS IN  GOA AND KASOL - THE GOVT KNOWS IT!    








THINGS HAVE BEEN MADE EASY BY "VISA ON ARRIVAL"





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/jewish-russian-mafia-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html




SUNNY LEONE PARTYING WITH STEVEN HIRSCH 



Zionist /Jewish domination of porn and related sin industries, has long been associated with BLACK MAIL of powerful people .



PUTIN KNOWS WHO KILLED THE BELOVED CZAR AND HIS LOVELY FAMILY.  



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

BELOW: JEW RON JEREMY WHO HAS ACTED IN MORE THAN 2000 PORN XXX MOVIES WITH LUNNY SEONE.


During Mughal rule lot of PASHTUN JEWS became crypto and pretended to be Muslims –mostly in Gujarat. These Jews were originally kicked out of Spain.

Common surnames were Yousafzai ( Malala ),  Pathan, Khan, Bangash, Durrani, Babi (Parveen Babi ) Bohra etc.

Some Bohras converted to Sikhism for safety –some still crypto .

The Sikh Bohras became Vohras  – calling themselves of the Khatri clan of the Gurus .


Sunny Leone’s real name is Karenjit Kaur Vohra.

In the postwar era, America's most notorious pornographer was Jew Reuben Sturman, the 'Walt Disney of porn.' According to the US Department of Justice, throughout the 1970s Sturman controlled most of the pornography circulating in the country ... By the mid-80s he owned over 200 adult bookstores ... 


It was said that Sturman did not simply control the adult-entertainment industry, he was the industry.


Brazilians keep an eye on the Israeli consuls. There was this case of pedophilia inside the embassy at Rio de Janeiro, where homosexual Arie Scher was caught.

Foreign Minister David Levy told Israel's Army Radio, "I don't know if he is guilty, if he is innocent. The first thing is we need to bring him home and an investigation has to be conducted."

Do you think they will ever find him guilty-and even if he is guilty , will they ever send him back to Brazil?

Brazilian authorities notified the Israeli embassy of plans to revoke Scher's diplomatic immunity on Tuesday, prior to the search. By the time police were able to obtain a warrant to search Scher's penthouse, the vice-consul was already on his way back to Israel.


Arie Scher was the head of a child prostitution ( with diplomatic immunity ) , and the group recruited girls as young as nine years old and organized sex parties with the children for Israeli tourists. 

One of the child prostitutes was questioned by Brazilian police and led them to the home of a Hebrew language teacher in Rio, Georges Schteinberg, where police seized photographs of hundreds of naked children and videos taken at sex parties with the children. 

Viewing the videos, police officials recognized the swimming pool and deck of the Israeli consul, Arie Scher, which was the scene of many of the sex parties. 

In Schteinberg’s home, police said they found 12 videos, internet messages and 154 pictures, including the shots of naked girls in Scher’s apartment. I have seen these pictures shown to be by a friend in Rio De Janeiro.



Above:  A photograph of Arie Scher (holding the other man’s prick ) and accomplice George Schteinberg found by Brazilian police .


I have seen Tel Aviv’s red light district Neve Shaanan district .

Prostitution in Israel is legal,


Most of the brothel-lined streets are filthy, the buildings run-down. Trails of red arrows painted on the walls lead customers to "health clubs" and "massage parlors," all marked out by twinkling strips of colored lights that flash their patterns like cuttlefish enticing their prey.  Today the Chinese massage parlours ( sex massage ) all show the same ribbon lights.


Over 11500 female prostitutes reside in Tel Aviv.  For such a small country the number is staggering, and by percentage prostitution in Israel is the highest o this planet beating even Thailand.

Very little action has been taken by the government to reduce the amount of the illegal trafficking into Israel. The streets in this area are crowded and have massage parlors, sex shops and outlets. 

There are many homeless, junkies and low-life street prostitutes in the area.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/03/white-slavery-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html




BELOW IS A BRANCH OF PORN CALLED SCATOLOGY.  WATCH A MOVIE CLIP MADE BY JEW PAUL FEIG .


HOW ABOUT SHIT IN SONGS ?

HERE IS ONE FROM JEWESS SARAH SILVERMAN .




It was brown and it had raisins

And we flushed it for that reason

This is who your daughters have to look up to

This is a poop song

This is a poop song

I was walking through the mall

And I had to make a poop

This is a poop song

This is a poop song

We pooped at the mall today

We pooped at the mall




The Jewish pseudo-science of psychoanalysis is also loaded with fecal-minded personalities. 

The coke-sniffing Jew who invented it, Sigmund Freud, was himself borderline obsessed with bathroom behavior and described the second stage of his thoroughly disturbing “psychosexual development” theory as the “anal stage,” in which, around the age of two, pleasurable sensations become centered on the anus, and children become fascinated by their own feces. 


This is the stage of life where “anal personalities” could develop, he claimed.

The first of his “psychosexual development” stages is the “oral stage” and the third is the “phallic stage,” by the way—just to give you an idea of how sick the man was.



German Jews Sigmund Freud was crowned a “ The father of psychoanalysis” by Rothschild’s media.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil who has read his books says – “ SIGMUND FRUED WAS NO INTELLECTUAL .  HE WAS AN IDIOT  “ !


It takes a Capt Ajit Vadakayil to expose such famous names engraved in gold on rock.  Probably one day , I will dedicate a post on him .   I will uproot every fuckin' theory of this mad man !



I do hope the Jews know that they have killed SEVERAL TIMES MORE  people than Hitler’s  SIX MILLION ( if it is indeed granted as true for the sake of it ).












Every country on the planet screwed the Jews all the time.




India gave the Jews refuge for 3000 years . But at the first opportunity these ungrateful people enslaved India and robbed India blind.

Around 965 BC , King Solomon ( of Queen Sheba fame AND son of David  ) used Cinnamon to reduce his MO and BO ( after all he had 700 wives and hundreds of mistresses by rotation -- and no soap or Wriggleys ) . He used Cinnamon oil to perfume his bed as an aphrodisiac . He used Sandalwood and Rosewood from Kerala for his palace staircase.  Solomon’s mother ( David’s mistress Bath Sheba ) was from Kerala .

Jews from Jerusalem came to Kerala  in 721 BC ( Assyrian invation ) and settled in Mattancherry, Kochi.

By 600 BC Nebuchadnazzar used Malabar teak in the Moon Attur temple .

In 587 BC Nebuchadnazzar destroyed the Temple of Solomon after a 2 year siege of Jerusalem, --fearing slavery, shiploads of Jews landed at my hometown Calicut, and settled at Cochin.

In 72 AD more than  10000 jews fled from the persecution of Roman Emperor Titus and landed in Kerala.

More jews landed after 135 AD due to the Judean Bar Kokhba war.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/bar-kokhba-in-fight-to-finish-over.html

Today there are about 4000 Indian Jews in the promised land of milk and honey , Israel . I have seen these wretched souls when my Chemical tanker used to trade a Ashdod, Akko, Haifa ( where I signed off ) and during my journies to Jerusalem and Tel Aviv . 

These Indian brown sahibs , 2nd class citizens out there , pretend to be very happy. 

JEWS HAVE NEVER BEEN PERSECUTED IN INDIA UNLIKE THE REST OF THE WORLD . 



How come all the people , all over the world, were wrong about jews all the time?? --or did they have a point about their inherent selfishness ??-- about the quintessential " pound of flesh" Fagin, Shylock etc. 


In 1947, when India became independent, as per the census there were 2400 Jews around a synagogue at Mattacherry ( Cochin ) in Kerala. All of the could speak perfect Malayalam, but still observed their customs including Sabbath and passover feast.


By 345 AD 400 Nasrani Syrian Jews landed here for refuge in 3 ships along with Mar Joseph— a bishop and settled down a Kodungalloor... till the Portugese destroyed their settlements.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html



THE JEWS HAVE CONVERTED THEMSELVES TO BE VERY BRAINY.

BALLS THEY HAVE MORE BRAINS THAN AN INDIAN , OR A CHINESE OR A KOREAN OR A WHITE CHRISTIAN.

EVERYTHING IS BASED ON DECEIT.

THEY GET ALL THE NOBEL PRIZES— BUT HEY, WHEN IT COMES TO OPEN COMPETITION WHERE A JEW HAS NOT SET THE QUESTION PAPER OR A JEW IS NOT CORRECTING THE ANSWER PAPER—THEY FALL FLAT ON THEIR KOSHER  FACES.


THE JEWS RAN THE PATENTS OFFICES. 

WHEN A PATENT APPLICATION WAS MADE THEY SAT ON IT. THEY WAITED FOR THE NON-JEWISH APPLICANT TO DIE OR THEY KILLED HIM.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html



Marconi was a CRYPTO JEW from Bologna sponsored by R.   Bologna had RICH crypto Jews under the patronage of Jewish banker Gaius Finzi.   

Pope Pius V drove away the Jews from Bologna, hence the reason for being CRYPTO jews. .

I have seen the Piazza Bologna Jewish ghetto in Rome.

When Marconi was caught with his pants down for STEALING, they quickly disowned him and made him a Jew hater.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/satyendranath-bose-nobel-prize-and.html


R made Marconi a senator of Rome and gave him the Nobel prize too..

Marconi praised the “EXCEPTIONALLY LARGE CONTRIBUTION OF JEWS to the development of science .

In an interview with the THE JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY IN 1931, JEW MARCONI PRAISED SEVERAL JEWS , INCLUDING  JEW DAVID SARNOFF,  JEW M. ABRAMS  JEW DR. ALLESSANDRO ARTOM etc for their work on his own field of Radio –which he knew NOTHING about.

Today even Wikipedia accepts the Rothschild influence with THIEF Marconi.

QUOTE: The Marconi scandal was a British political scandal that broke in the summer of 1912. It centred on allegations that highly placed members of the Liberal government, under H. H. Asquith as Prime Minister, had profited by improper use of information about the Government's intentions with respect to the Marconi Company: knowing that the government was about to issue a lucrative contract to the British Marconi company for the Imperial Wireless Chain, they had bought shares in an American subsidiary.[1]. Allegations and rumours centred on insider trading in Marconi's shares and involved a number of government ministers, including Lloyd George, the Chancellor of the Exchequer; Sir Rufus Isaacs, the Attorney General; Herbert Samuel, Postmaster General; and the Treasurer of the Liberal Party, the Master of Elibank, Lord Murray. The allegations included the fact that Isaacs' brother, Godfrey Isaacs, was managing director of the Marconi company: UNQUOTE



EACH ANY EVERYBODY IN THIS MARCONI SCANDAL WERE R ZIONIST JEWS / CRYPTO JEWS OR MEN MARRIED TO JEWISH WOMEN.




WIKIPEDIA HAS BLACKED OUT ERIC DOLLARD.   
HE HAS UNDERSTOOD NIKOLA TESLAs LONGITUDINAL WAVES .  
SCALAR WAVES ARE LONGITUDINAL  . 
REIKI WAVE IS A LONGITUDINAL SCALAR WAVE WHICH TRAVELS FASTER THAN LIGHT .







LYING NASA IS UPSET WITH ERIC DOLLARD WHO POINTED OUT THE FAKE PHOTOS OF SEEING SUN AND STARS FROM FREE SPACE.  



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/was-moon-landing-hoax-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/reiki-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



The super genius Nikola Tesla would repeatedly see the bright geometric form of the Sri Yantra.  

This overwhemed his sight and blotted out the scenes in front of him.   Nikola Tesla is the ONLY MODERN MAHARIHI –after Adi Shankaracharya of 2000 BC, who installed the Sri Yantra at Mookamika Temple Kolur, Karnataka.





NOW LET US COME OUT FROM KOSHER  SHIT –

AND BALANCE THIS POST WITH SOMETHING PROFOUND FROM SANATANA DHARMA —SEE I AM A LIBRAN.

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.

TIME TO DIVE RIGHT BACK INTO SHIT.

Filthy rich OPIUM DRUG RUNNERS of R were the WHITE BRAHMINS of USA.   Almost all of them were Jews or crypto Jews. 

The crypto Jew white call themselves ZIONIST CHRISTIANS.






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html

YOU WILL SEE SOME CRYPTO JEW INDIANS ARE BEING SPONSORED BY JEWISH HOLLYWOOD THESE DAYS.

WHY WAS IS JOHAR SPONSORED BY HOLLYWOOD .

WAS IT ON MERIT ?

He acted in Hollywood movies Lawrence of Arabia, Death on the Nile,  Harry Black , North West Frontier etc and several US RV series produced by Jews.

Filthy rich CRYPTO JEW Marwari, Palanpuri Indians were OPIUM DRUG RUNNERS of R.

Some of them calling themselves Jains were accommodated in the Diamond cartel of R at Antwerp. Mind you these Jains do NOT care for Bharatmata and lead decadent lives.  

From which woodword  did HARDIK PATEL crawl out , like Anna Haraze?

FOR A LONG TIME INDIAN CRICKET HAS BEEN CONTROLLED BY CRYPTO JEWS.

Will you agree , if someone tells you , we would like to have your face on an AKSHAYA TRITIYA GOLD COIN instead of GODDESS LAXMI?





HOW COME KHUSHBOO ( NAKHAT KHAN )  HAD A TEMPLE BUILT FOR HER ? Yes, she is the one who said it is OK for unmarried Indian women to have sex.

Below: Khushboo wears a saree with Hindu gods on it !



Let me quote Wikipedia:
QUOTE: She said it was fine for girls to have pre-marital sex but not without taking precautions to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. The judge acceded and dismissed the petition as withdrawn.[5] The Supreme Court dismissed all cases registered against Kushboo for her alleged remarks on pre-marital sex.[6]:  UNQUOTE

How come Jewess Diana fell in love with a CRYPTO JEW Hasnat Khan a cousin of Imran Khan? 

Princess Diana's mother Frances Shand Kydd ( Jewess Frances Ruth Burke Roche ) had a very long secret affair with Jew Sir James Goldsmith during her marriage to Earl Spencer (Viscount Althorp),

They do NOT know that Diana born when Goldsmith was close to her .

James Goldsmith's grandfather Adolphe Goldschmidt was R’s business partner and blood relative. Now you know why Diana got so much publicity from R media.

Sir James Goldsmith's other three children, Zak, Ben and Jemima Goldsmith.

Zac Goldsmith is a splitting image of Jemima . If he dresses up as a female you will think he is Jemima.

Ben Goldsmith wed Kate Rothschild in 2003.

Zac Goldsmith, divorced his wife after he was elected British MP and was living with Alice Rothschild.

Diana looks like Sir James Goldsmith .

Prince William’s wife Kate Middleton is Jewish with her mother’s name being Carole Goldsmith.

In this DNA age ,nothing can be hidden.

R hoped to rule Pakistan.

Poor Pakistanis!


R hoped to rule India via Amartya Sen, who married a R wife.

Poor R!

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html

Jagat Seth is a title—world lord.

Jagat Seths include Mahdab Rai and Swarup Chand.  They were opium agents and banking partners of Rothschild . Other Marwaris were Omichand and Raj Durlab.

You have NO idea how these JUDAS Marwaris and Jains screwed Bharatmata.

Amitav Ghosh is such a darling of R.

The Ibis trilogy is a work of historical fiction by Amitav Ghosh. It comprises Sea of Poppies (2008), River of Smoke (2011), and Flood of Fire (2015).

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/drug-runners-of-india-capt-ajit.html

HE DID NOT MENTION ROTHSCHILDs AND SASSOONs NAME EVEN ONCE.

THIS IS LIKE RECITING RAMAYANA WITHOUT MENTIONING RAVANs NAME EVEN ONCE.


buga sharmaAugust 28, 2015 at 2:54 PM
hello captain,
What you say about mystery of The distant village of Kodinhi, Kerala?
ReplyDelete

Replies


Capt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 28, 2015 at 5:01 PM
hi bs,

ALL RIGHT-

TIME TO EXHUME BITTER TRUTHS –

NOBODY ON THIS PLANET IS PERCEPTIVE ENOUGH TO REVEAL WHAT I SAY BELOW .
IT IS BETTER THAT I SAY IT NOW.

LAST TIME WHEN SOMEBODY ASKED MY ABOUT THE BIZARRE KODINHI VILLAGE, I SKIRTED THE ISSUE .

Indian Y chromosome is resilient due to the GOTRA system rigidly enforced by KHAPS-- females marry early and we do NOT have too many twins in India.

This avoid homosexuality.

Homosexuality is LEAST in India because we CREMATE our dead bodies.

Burying dead bodies must NOT be done in placed where water can seep down into pristine aquifers contaminating it with prions.

Rothschild Zionists , their DESH DROHI NGOs and their BENAMI media are trying to make India a homosexual nation by abolishing KHAPS. This is easier said than done as it has to do with warped DNA.

Kodinhi village is noted for having a high twinning rate although India has one of the lowest twinning rates in the world.

I know this village Kodinhi -about 30 kms south of my hometown Calicut.

The population is almost entirely Muslim as Hindus were driven away by the MOPLAH revolt.

Gandhi did a HEGELIAN DIALECTIC for Jew Rothschild —he came running to Kerala with the crypto Jew Ali Jauhar brothers - Mohammad and Shaukat to whip up passions regarding saving the Turskish Ottoman Sultan.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html

Read all 5 parts of the post above.

The Mappila half breeds drove away the Hindus by throwing rotting corpses in every waterbody.

The epicenter was Tirurangadi very near Kodinhi village where many Hindus were killed . This village is almost like an island with back waters on 3 sides .

THE UNDERGROUD WATER AQUIFER IS CONTAMINATED BY A PRION.


They have more than 300 twins ( 600 children ) over a period of nearly 75 years.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/gotra-system-khap-rules-y-chromosome.html

Girls have two X chromosomes while boys have an X and a Y. What this means is that girls have two copies of each of the 1000 or so genes on the X while boys have just one.

The X chromosome has a gene called CD40LG .The product of the CD40LG gene is the CD40LG protein that sits on the surface of your immune blood cells and tells your body when there is foreign virus / bacteria invader . If you make too much of the CD40LG protein, you can end up with autoimmune disorders like Lupus because your body is constantly sensing that it is under attack. Lupus a disease that is more prevalent in women than men.

Lupus has strong genetic components. It has environmental components as well.

Identical (or monozygotic) twins happen when a fertilized egg splits into two separate babies - usually within the first twelve days of the woman’s pregnancy.

Till today science has NOT found out why the egg splits. Try cannibalism you will find out sooner than later.

But scientists now suspect KYA HO RAHA HAI. R peer reviewed experts will disgrace and kill the career any scientist who talks like this about twins and homosexuality .

In 20 years 99% of the Christian population will CREMATE their dead bodies. Muslims are stuck with apostasy laws.

A fertilized egg will have Mom's mitochondrial DNA, half of Mom's nuclear DNA, and half of Dad's nuclear DNA. When the fertilized egg splits into two, the twins will each have identical nuclear DNA, but not EXACTLY identical mitochondrial DNA.

I want Indian to know that western twins are born, primarily due to artificial insemination and IVF.

Wanna ask twin mother Celina Jaitley if she had IVF ?

Igbo-Ora is a place in Nigeria known for Cannibalism –they also have the same problem of twins and homosexuality .

Japan knows their DNA warping problem after their soldiers did cannibalism at Rabaul Island in WW2. They think it is a big secret.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/netaji-subhash-chandra-bose-untold.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/shocking-legacy-of-mad-cow-disease-capt.html


capt ajit vadakayil

..
Like how wikipedia has done in hundreds of other instances- they will peek into my blogsite and write about the above comment after adding a spin and repackaging it ! 
TEE HEEEEEE !!


MANY PEOPLE ASKED ME –HOW CAN YOU SAY MOST PASHTUN KHANS ARE JEWS ?

WELL ROTHSCHILD ALLOWED PASHTUN KHANS ( KABULIWALLA PATHANS ) 
UNLIMITED FREEDOM IN BRITISH RAJ  .  

MOST WERE AGENTS OF ROTHSCHILD SELLING DRY FRUITS.

We all know R stooge Rabindra Nath Tagore’s story about Kabuliwalah right?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/opium-drug-running-tagore-family-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/nobel-prize-value-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Our man Katju has declared RAJA RAM MOHAN ROY as people’s Ratna.

TEE HEEE..

Thank god this CJI has retired.  Bachch gaya saala !

https://www.facebook.com/justicekatju/posts/1022346854472527?comment_id=1022350291138850&reply_comment_id=1022350784472134&total_comments=194&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R9%22%7D

TODAY WE ALL KNOW HOW ISIS IS BEING FUNDED AND ARMED BY ZIONISTS JEWS.
LIKE I SAID BELOW TALIBAN WAS CREATED BY THE JEWS TO FIGHTS THE SOVIETS IN AFGHANISTAN.

ALMOST EVERY ISLAMIC TERRORIST ORG IS FUNDED BY JEWS.  

JEW LENIN SAID--, IF YOU WANT TO CONTRoL THE OPPOSITION,   LEAD THEM YOURSELF.

PAKISTAN DOES NOT KNOW WHO THEY HAVE BEEN RULED BY CRYPTO JEWS.
IN CALICUT I KNOW A ELIAS JEW ( A GOOD KIND MAN ) WHO THINKS THAT HE IS A MUSLIM AND HE GOES FOR HAJ WITH HAJAAAR PIETY.

GIVING A NOBEL PRIZE TO MALALA YOUSAFZAI CUT NO ICE EVEN WITH EXTREME ISLAMIC MULLAHS IN PAKISTAN-THEY ALL KNOW THAT SHE IS A JEWESS.

There are an estimated 40 million Pashtuns around the world including more than 14 million in Afghanistan and 28 million in Pakistan, mainly in the North West Frontier Province and Tribal areas but also with a strong presence in Karachi ( Khans / Afridis etc ).  

A HUGE percentage of them are CRYPTO JEWS –ALL of them knowing who they are.

They are descended from the Ephraim tribe which was driven out of Israel by the Assyrian invasion in around 700BC.   In Calicut I know a Ephraim Jew who celebrated Christmas with lost of gusto.He knows who he is as he observes Sabbath.

Navras Afridi, a leading researcher on the Lost Tribes of Israel, said the DNA investigation could have major modern repercussions.

"It could be seen as scientific validation of traditional belief about the Israelite origin of [Pashtuns/ Pathans ] and can have interesting ramifications for Muslim-Jew relations in particular and the world at large," he said.

The Daily Telegraph recently told a WHITE LIE that Iranian leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad family is Jewish.


Jew Lt Gen J.F.R.Jacob, ( Farj Rapheal ), was born in 1923 in Calcutta. . 

His father, Elias Emanuel was an agent of Rothschild.  Lt Gen Jacob retired as the Indian Army Lieutenant General in July 1978 . 

He documents this 1971 war and his role in Surrender at Dacca: Birth of A Nation.

 ME   I   MY  I   I   I   MY   I  I

In the late 1990’s he joined the Bharatiya Janata party and then served as the Governor of the Indian states of Goa and Punjab.  Mafia Jews poured into Goa when he was governor of Goa.  Lt Gen Jacob pushed BJP to have military ties with Israel.  



The Times of Israel  in an article dated August 7 2012 gratefully calls him A Jewish war hero. 



Since the establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Israel, Lt Gen  Jacob visited Israelseveral times –we know why and who sponsored him . . His home in New Delhi has for years been a COVERT meeting place for Israelis of all denominations. 

Let NOT Modi say today, he does NOT know all this.

Below: Books of self praise from a Jew Gen to an Israel darling BARAK MISSILE PM Modi -  

without an iota of TEAM WORK --

must be banned from every military training establishment . 

Have you seen how graceful ISRO scientists do TEAM WORK ?  

Jew Gen Jacob's rocket will NEVER EVER reach Mars.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/the-captain-does-it-his-way-crushing.html



The 1971 Bangladesh war was fought  with the  Eastern Command  lead by Gen the late Lt. Gen. Lt. General J.S. Arora  .  

In 1969, Gen Jacob was appointed Chief of Staff, Eastern Command , by General (later Field Marshal) Sam Manekshaw.  Jacob’s immediate boss  was Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Eastern Command.

 For 26 years Jacob kept his views on the Bangladesh War to himself.    

Then in 1997 (after having joined the BJP ) he did write a book called Surrender at Dacca : Birth of a Nation.  

This book overflows with SELF PROPAGANDA.

Gen Jacob claims he ran over Bangladesh  single handedly when Gen Aurora was twiddling his thumbs .-- a rather incompetent nincompoop figurehead who garnered all the credit .- literally like the CAT WHO SWALLOWED ALL THE CREAM.

Major General Reggie Noronha, is painted as a “coward” who “loved his liquor and insisted that Jacob's officers and their wives should attend the numerous parties” at his mess. 

Another one of Jacob’s commanders in Ladakh was “suffering from gout and did not move out of his headquarters”, leaving Jake to run affairs. 

The southern army commander, Lt Gen LP Sen was “a pucca brown sahib , who was more interested in attending the races in Bombay and Pune than in attending office or visiting combat units and formations”. 

And Jacob’s commander in 1971, Lt Gen Jagjit Singh Aurora, is ridiculed as an ineffectual wimp who planned the travel of his wife to the surrender ceremony in Dacca in 1971, even as Jacob bulldozed the Pakistani commander into surrendering with 93,000 soldiers!



http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-opinion/taking-dhaka-did-not-figure-in-manekshaws-plans-general-jacob/article1837531.ece

BEING A SHIP CAPTAIN FOR 3 DECADES , I WOULD NOT LIKE TO HAVE A JEW LIKE JACOB IN MY TEAM .



Jacob Paaji  spins his own propaganda –that his nick name is “Patton of the Indian Army.”.

Patton was married – our Jew Gen Jacob is not !

TEE HEE !


Saala Hero Patton kidhar – yeh namoona kidhar !






AT LEAST THIS JEW GENERAL DOES NOT LIE ABOUT KERALA SYRIAN CHRISTIANS ( CRYPTO JEWS ) WHOM THE WAITRESS SPONSORED .


QUOTE:   While General Jacob was the Chief of Staff at the Eastern Army Headquarters, the only other Jew in the Liberation War of Bangladesh was the Adjutant of my Unit.The Adjutant, Captain. Kottayam  Chacko Kurien  is a Kerala Jew.    

The Jews of Kerala were the first members of Jewish community to arrive in India and their migration dates back to the biblical times,starting with the Roman destruction of Jerusalem in 70 A.D. and even the earlier period of their Babylonian Exile.   

There is evidence to prove that there was a Jewish community in India prior to the arrival of Saint Thomas in 52 A.D. :   UNQUOTE --   
LT GENERAL JACK FREDERICK RALPH JACOB,PVSM,

http://bhavanajagat.com/2009/02/10/the-spirit-of-a-jew-revisiting-the-birth-of-bangladesh/

I HASTEN TO ADD THAT YOU CANNOT PAINT EVERY KERALA SYRIAN JEW- NAY- CHRISTIAN WITH THE SAME BRUSH.

MY WIFEs BEST FRIEND IN CALICUT IS A SYRIAN CHRISTIAN-- EXCEEDINGLY FAIR SKINNED , LIGHT EYES,  GOOD LOOKING  , INTELLIGENT - 

I HAVE TALKED TO HER OVER 3 DECADES--

I KNOW SHE IS A KIND LADY AND A PATRIOT AT HEART .    SHE WILL NOT SELL OUT BHARATMATA, COME WHAT MAY  .



Magen David Synagogue (Kolkata) synagogue was built in 1884 by Elias David Joseph Ezra in memory of his father SIR David Joseph Ezra, who made his fortune in the Opium trade.



David Joseph Ezra was an Opium agent of Rothschild.    


David Joseph Ezra invested his profits in prime real estate and became super rich. 


Lady Rachel Sassoon, was the wife of Sir David Joseph Ezra.




David Joseph Ezra’s  eldest son Elias David Ezra wife, Mozelle, was the daughter of the Opuim agent of Rothschild Sir David Sassoon of Bombay and sister of Opium agent Edward Sassoon, British MP .

Below : Jew Opium drug runner David Sassoon ( seated ) with his sons.


Elias was sent to China where he hustled a monopoly control over the import of opium to from India to China.

The business in Bombay was carried on by the brother of Elias Sassoon ,  Solomon who was a banking partner of R .  He also ran  R’s Oriental Life Insurance Company.  He was a trustee of the Bombay Port Trust and a director of the Bank of Bombay. 
  
Sir Edward Sassoon (Albert Abdulla’s son, born in Bombay) married Baron Gustave de Rothschild’s daughter.

Jew Sir Edward was elected to the House of Commons.

Sir Edward was succeeded by his son Sir Philip who inherited his seat in Parliament. The financial wizard of the family,  Sir Victor Sassoon further extended the empire of the Sassoons. 

Sassoon family’s Indian fronts were media barons – Dalmia Jain through the Times of India, Birlas through the Hindustan Times, Leader, Searchlight and Bharat  -- among many other agents.

Today we all hear of an ANGREZI Peter Mukerjea every minute on TV.   I know of many SIR Mukerjees, -- all agents of R.

SIR Rajendra Nath Mookerjee constructed theVictoria Memorial at Kolkata .   

He was granted several awards by R.  Mookerjee was ZE Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE). He was ZE sheriff of Kolkata. He was knighted with the KCIE.  He was again honoured with the dignity of a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO)

Sir Biren Mookerjee was son of pioneering industrialist Sir Rajendra Nath Mookerjee and Lady Jadumati.

Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee, was the second Indian Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calcutta for four consecutive two-year terms (1906–1914) and a fifth two-year term (1921–23).  

His son Shyama Prasad Mookerjee founded the Bharatiya Jana Sangh  ( I will grant that Shyama was a great patriot ) .   

How did a VC of an University get knighted.   

Pray ? 

Prithee ?

Rasta hai bhaiyya.  

MATH OUTSOURCING BY (not so bright ) WHITE JEWS TO BROWN INDIANS.

Jew Albert Einstein was very poor in Math.  

He outsourced his math to his first wife Serbian Mathematician Mileva Maric (older than him by 4 years ) , Marcel Grossmann,  Satyendranath Bose and the students of Calcutta University— the Indian vice chancellor Mookerjee would be knighted by R in gratitude.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/yellapragada-subbarow-nobel-prize-and.html

Before Independence 65 Parsis were knighted by Rothschild.  Today their descendants are all hiding in shame.

The founder of the Calcutta Jewish community Shalom Aharon Obadiah Cohen,   arrived in Calcutta on August 4, 1798 from Aleppo, Syria and started off in the Opium business along with silks.



He was a court jeweler to the Nawab of Awadh and also traveled to Punjab to the Court of Maharaj Ranjit Singh.

The Jew historians claim that Cohen Paaji  was asked to value the Kohinoor diamond. On seeing the precious jewel he told the King that the diamond had no value.    

When asked to explain himself he said that the diamond had no value because it would either be given as a gift or taken with bloodshed. 

This is how R came to know about this diamond.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/maharaja-ranjit-singh-rise-and-fall-of.html

David Haskell Cohen was an active member of the Rothschild’s Communist Party of India founded by MN Roy with a Jewess honey pot wife Evelyn Trent.  

Cohen was the editor of Unity, the Communist party magazine,  he worked for Indian Express as News Editor in Bombay. As a journalist his career spanned London and New Delhi and he worked for the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, The Times of India, PTI/Reuters, The Indian Express (as News Editor) and as a correspondent for L'Humanite.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html

David Paaji eventually settled in London in 1958 where he worked as a copywriter for several advertising agencies till he formed his own agency, Cohen and Company, in Mayfair. He moved to Israel in 1995.


In 1861, Opium drug runner David Sassoon built in Byculla, Mumbai, the Magen David Synagogue 


What is the point in building a house of worship over human misery ?


WILL MY WIFE EVER BEHAVE LIKE THIS GIRL JASLEEN KAUR ?  SHE SAYS SHE ARGUED WITH SARABJIT SINGH FOR 3 TO 4 MINUTES AT THE RED LIGHT--WHERE THERE IS NO RED LIGHT TIMER SET MORE THAN 45- 60 SECONDS IN INDIA .





http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/indian-cricket-chief-ordered-police-beat-me-iron-rods-says-gay-son220512/

Let me quote Wikipedia:--
QUOTE: Srinivasan is married to Chitra Srinivasan and the couple have two children: Rupa and Ashwin. Srinivasan has a strained relationship with son and has been accused of harassing him because of his homosexual orientation.[41][42][43][44][45] His daughter is married to film producer Gurunath Meiyappan who was indicted in the IPL match fixing scandal::  UNQUOTE



It is NOT unusual for gays to go vehemently against their own parents .  



In this case an incident of NOT paying after consuming drinks  (AND BY EYE WITNESS REPORTS OF PETTING UNDER THE TABLE UPSETTING OTHER REGULAR PATRONS ) –has been turned to father torturing gay son .  

The waiters asked this gay couple to pay the bill and leave the bar as their behavior was disgusting for non-gays . Suppose you sit in a restaurant with your wife and children where homosexuals are SHAMELESSLY petting under the table -- what do you think will be your reaction? 

Same thing happened in the famous Valentine day beating in a Mangalore bar.  Regular known whores were giving hand jobs under the table to young sozzled college students. 

The male students were NOT driven away —only the whores with garish makeup ( clutching on to cheap handbags containing condoms ) , by the public.  These were NOT Valentine day lover college girls ,they were known whores . .




WHEN HAS OUR BENAMI MEDIA EVER TOLD THE TRUTH?   

THEY HAVE AN AGENDA OF CONVERTING INDIA INTO A RAPIST NATION , WHEN WE HAVE THE LEAST PERCENTAGE OF HOMOSEXUALS ON THIS PLANET . .THIS IS CALLED “IMAGE MANAGEMENT”.

Below: What does a rich and attractive 14 year old school girl do when she gets such a message from UGLY slum / chawl boys she knows from her school, her neighbouring school and adults from her city ?  




Girls at this age are VERY vulnerable -- 


-she can be won over by even ugly,  slum boys who swear PURE love.. after all she has seen her parents having endless extra marital affairs .





Parents of RICH and attractive daughters know the harassment they face in school with rowdy boys from slums and chawls trying to use this day to declare their ENDLESS LOVE – 





--after all almost every Bollywood movie has this theme of the hero pursuing the girl in LOBE nay love—while actually it is plain diabolical stalking or LOVE JIHAAD .



Previously parents used to tell the postman to filter these Valentine day card— now it comes on the girls  mobiles . 


Girls get nervous and they do NOT tell their parents for fear they may accost the parents of the boy –this may even result in acid being thrown on the face. 




My wife had told me that in her college at Mumbai all attractive girls latched on to a physically tough ( without being in love ) college mates  – so that the CHEAP ROAD ROMEOS keep away for fear of being beaten up.  


Can you imagine the condition of this poor boy ( unpaid body guard ) when the matlabi girl kicks him out after she passes out of college ?   




Used men take a long time to get out of this heartache -- for most women it is like farting.



After all her LOBE nay love was just a sham for a selfish purpose 





R COMMIE FTII STUDENTS MAY NOW WANT TO MAKE A MOVIE ON MULTIPLE INCEST AND INDRANI MUKHERJEA FAMILY . . .

BUT GAJENDRA CHAUHAN WONT ALLOW IT . . . .

BAAAD BAAAAD GAJENDRA CHAUHAN . . ..

FTII STUDENTS CAN ALSO MAKE A MOVIE ON "HAPPILY DIVORCED" USING ALYQUE PADAMSEE AS A ROLE MODEL . .

Allahabad High Court gave sanction to the live-in relationship between one Payal Sharma and a married man. In a habeas corpus petition decided by Justice M. Katju, the court stated that Ms. Sharma being 21 years of age, and therefore a major, had the right to go anywhere and live with anyone, as she chose. In elaborating on the decision, the court stated, ? In our opinion, a man and a woman, even without getting married, can live together if they so wish. This may be regarded as immoral by society, but is not illegal. There is a difference between law and morality.? (Payal Sharma versus Superintendent, Nari Niketan and Others, C MP No. 16876 of 2001.)

AFTER THAT KATJUs CAREER ZOOMED !

IF YOU WANT TO CHECK OUT KATJUs MENTAL CAPABILITY AND COMMONSENSE CHECK OUT THE CONTENTS OF HIS BLOGS.

http://justicekatju.blogspot.in/2015/02/live-in-relationship-as.html


IN 7 MONTHS HE HAS PENNED ABOUT 600 BLOG POSTS . 

NOBODY READS THEM THOUGH

https://plus.google.com/108611274850136544436/posts

check out his pathetic view count-- 2400

Alyque Padamsee, after divorcing Pearl Padamsee, began a live-in relationship with media personality Dolly Thakore.  Thirteen years later he walked out, to step into marriage with the much younger Sharon Prabhakar, leaving Dolly to cope with a little son.

INCREASINGLY JUDGES ARE DOING EXTREME OVER REACH BY DOING "LEGISLATION ".

A JUDGE WHO WAS AN UNSUCCESSFUL EX-LAWYER (AND BOTTOM OF THE CEREBRAL BARREL AT SCHOOL BEFORE) , CAN ONLY JUDGE !

KATJU IS THE MAN WHO SAID "90% OF INDIANS ARE FOOLS"

HEY KATJU MAAN -MAY BE ALL ARE FOOLS EXCEPT "YOUR LORDSHIP"

BHARATMATA BACHCH GAYA-- THAT GOD THIS MAN WHO WAS CJI,  AND PRESS COUNCIL CHAIRMAN RETIRED .

Katju was awarded degree of Doctorate of Philosophy (Honoris Causa) from Lal Bahadur Shastri Sanskrit University , New Delhi for his book Mimansa Rules of Interpretation.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil say— Markendey Katju’s knowledge of Mimamsa is PURELY PEDESTRIAN.
The purpose of the SUN is not to play MONKEY AND SNAKE SHADOW GAMES .


http://justicekatju.blogspot.in/2014/07/mimansa-rules-of-interpretation-this-is.html


http://justicekatju.blogspot.in/2012/02/mimansa-principles-of-interpretation-ii.html


QUOYE:  there are six classical systems of Indian philosophy, Nyaya, Vaisheshik, Sankya, Yoga, Purva Mimansa and Uttar Mimansa, and three non-classical systems, Buddhism, Jainism and Charvak . Out of these nine systems eight of them are atheistic as there is no place for God in them.: UNQUOTE –Markendey Katju

Rothschild used every STOOGE of his to propagate the John Galt hedonist philosophy by subverting our priceless ancient literature.   This German Jew created the fake  “Charvaka school of philosophy” with its variety of atheistic and materialistic beliefs.

Such a school of thought never existed in India.

They POISON INJECTED fake hedonist verses:- “Rinam kritva ghritam pibet, yavan jivet sukham jivet” meaning –“Live so long you have a life and live with all comforts and luxury even if you have to take a loan”

This Charvaka philosophy was about the virtue of selfishness ( Ayn Rand –mistress of Rothschild )and the belief that that wisdom lay in enjoying pleasure and avoiding pain. 



The Rothchild historians  were extremely critical of the Vedas giving propaganda that Vedas were just incoherent rhapsodies , and that the Vedas suffered from three faults - untruth, self-contradiction and tautology. 

Below: Rothschild's mistress Ayn Rand as a baby girl !



The Charvaka philosophy spread the belief that Vedas were cooked up by men and had no divine authority.


The white historian invented a false Cārvāka philosophy( Sarva-darśana-saṅgraha ) a fake poison injected work back dated and attributed to a 14th century Advaita Vedanta philosopher Mādhava Vidyāraṇya from Hampi India, which starts with a chapter on the Cārvāka system.

Actually this chapter is not there.

Below: The R media did amazing propaganda that she was surrounded by well wishers and her funeral was attended by thousand--  well this JEWESS Ayn Rand controlled the media too by her R connection. 



The immoral white invader even dragged Adi Shankaracharya into the LIE. They wrote that Adi Shankara penned a book called Sarvasiddhantasamgraha, in which he quote maharishis Brihaspati ( the mentor of devas ) to have advised ( sic )-


“Chastity is a custom laid down by weaklings . Building temples is of NO use. The vedas , Gods like Lord Shiva who holds the trishul , and rituals like Agnihotra are for dimwits. The real men of wisdom choose a hedonist life and sensual pleasures “ BLAH BLAH 



Agama traditions are seen at the Mylapore temple festival in Tamil Nadu where , Bhikshatana ( Shiva ) is paraded in the streets along with four street dogs signifying the Vedas. Images of Bhikshatana depict him clothed with tiger skin and other body ornaments, but displaying an erect phallus in Tamil Nadu .


We in Kerala get a generous AGAMA treatment when trainloads of low caste Tamilians land up at Kodungallur Temple for the VULGAR Bharani festival.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/kodungallur-bharani-festival-capt-ajit.html



Charvaka is “materialist hedonism” and supposed to be propagated by a the “rather of Carnatic music”  Puranadara DASA ( sic!).  There is NO sage Charvaka in Indian history.



All DASA characters are FAKE- created and backdated by Rothschild and his stooges . .
As per the white Christian missionary , Purandara Dasa fought the evils of casteism through his songs.


JUST CHECK OUT KATJU NONSENSE OF THE POST BELOW- I CAN REFURE EVERY SENTENCE-BUT NOW I HAVE RELEGATED THIS JUSTICE KATJU MAN IN THE SAME BASKET AS DR ZAKIR NAIK—NOT WORTH MY TIME.


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/What-is-India/articleshow/10994212.cms



WHAT DOES MARKENDAY KATJU KNOW ABOUT OUR PRICELESS VEDAS AND UPANISHADS?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/vedas-and-upanishads-written-in-5000-bc.html



If Katju MAAN wants to learn about Hindu Yugas read the post below—


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

THIS BLOGSITE ASKS KATJU— 

DO NOT EVER LECTURE ON HINDUSIM WITH ASSUMPTIONS BASED ON FAKE ROTHSCHILD POISON INJECTED INFORMATION.






When this single ear ring decadent culture was firt started in USA it meant--   left ear pierced it meant that he was gay and sexually dominant, ASSHOLE HUMPING party---



- and having his right ear pierced meaning gay and sexually submissive ASSHOLE RECEIVING PARTY ( Like how Karan Johar claimed , in AIB roast when Ranveer Singh stuck his ass out while on all fours ).

Gradually, it evolved to a man with his right ear pierced perceived as being gay and a man with his left ear being pierced perceived as being straight.



WANNA SEE FAKE LAUGHTER BY THE NOUVEAU RICH SANS CLASS -- SEE BELOW!




It is a SIN to allow gays to adopt male children – Gays  Elton John and David Furnish with their adopted sons.

Sir Elton wrote : "How dare you refer to my beautiful children as "synthetic".

"And shame on you for wagging your judgemental little fingers at IVF - a miracle that has allowed legions of loving people, both straight and gay, to fulfil their dream of having children.

Like his elder brother, little Elijah was born to the same California-based surrogate mother - whom the couple said they love ‘like a sister’.

They revealed that the boys are at least half-brothers as they share the same egg donor.

Neither Sir Elton, 65, or his civil partner Mr Furnish, 50, have revealed whether Zachary or Elijah carry their genes.

However on Zachary’s official birth certificate, Sir Elton is named as ‘father’ and Mr Furnish as ‘mother’ leading to speculation that the rock star is his biological father.




They have also kept the identity of the boys’ surrogate mother a closely guarded secret.
Baby Zachary’s godmother is Lady Gaga.


TODAY THANKS TO ZIONIST DARLING APCO MODI , LOT OF HOMOSEXUALS COME TO INDIA TO PRODUCE CHILDREN



APCO Modi—do you know that poverty stricken Indian women are being converted to “baby factories,” by Trojan Horse NGOs ?

The BENAMI media keeps quiet about this —lest their JEW BOSS BIG BROTHER gets angry.

Broker,middlemen and touts make all the money.  THIS IS BAD KARMA MR NARENDRA MODI.

India has more than 3200 such fertility clinics.  The doctors ( both men and women ) go abroad for SEXUAL JAUNTS without telling their spouses and children

White Jewish couples pay more than 40,000 USD  for the entire procedure, while the surrogate mother just gets around 2000 USD.

Commercial surrogacy is now a 4 BILLION USD INDUSTRY. 65% of clients are foreign White skinned people.

40,000 surrogate babies are produced in India each year.  The govt know who they are as they go out of India by AIR.

Commercial surrogacy, of which Delhi is a known hub, was legalised in India in 2002 by ZIONIST AND JEW DARLING Atal Bihari Vajpayee -  SHOCKED ?

Most of the lesbians and gays go to Israel-- the leading fertility tourism destination for In-vitro fertilization (IVF) procedures, having the highest number of fertility clinics per capita in the world.

In India is the No1 RENT A WOMB destination for whites for IVF and IVF with donor eggs.

IVF with anonymous egg donation is done in India.  White lesbians come to India  to obtain artificial insemination by donor as we have NO genetic problems in India.   Indian surrogates have been increasingly popular with fertile couples in industrialized nations because of the relatively low cost, in addition to confidence in the health of the baby.

In 2008, the Supreme Court of India in the Manji's case (Japanese Baby) has held that commercial surrogacy is permitted in India.

 In the Manji case the Supreme Court  has held that commercial surrogacy is permitted in India ,with a direction to the Legislature to pass an appropriate Law governing Surrogacy in India.   So now will you permit Muslims to eat pork and burqa women to roam around the streets in thongs ?

EXACTLY LOW HOW THE PILLAR OF JUDICIARY ORDERED THE FUNDATION OF THE ELECTED EXECUTIVE TO INTERLINK INDIANS RIVERS AND KILL BHARATMATA.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html

WHO THE HELL IS SUPREME COURT TO LEGISLATE?    AS SOON AS SUCH JUDGEMENTS COME , THE CAREER OF THE JUDGES BOOM , AS THE BENAMI MEDIA MAKES HIM “EMINENT”

ART Bill, 2008, envisaged a national framework for the regulation and supervision of Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART). It decriminalizes commercial surrogacy for single persons, married or unmarried couples and then surrogate mother can easily enter into a legally enforceable surrogacy agreement

India boasts of being the first to legalize commercial surrogacy soon to legitimize both intra-and inter-country surrogacy.

The Draft Assisted Reproductive Technology (Regulation) Bill, 2010, gives the green light to in-vitro fertilization (IVF) centers and make the whole arrangement of surrogacy legitimate.  

BASICALLY AFTER WE DROVE OUT THE WHITE INVADER IN 1947- THEY ARE NOW BACK VIA THE BACK DOOR AFTER BRIBING ALL AND SUNDRY.

In their GREED for money and to please BIG BROTHER , this encourages single parenthood, without any benefit for children born out of such an arrangement . Is this good for culture and society.

Oh NO—ISRAEL AND ZIONIST INDIAN POLITICIAN DARLINGS don’t care for all this..

In ALMOST ALL countries world over , the woman giving birth to a child is considered as the Child's legal mother. However Zionist BRIBES ( lobbying ) makes India an exception.  

In India Intended Parents are recognized as the legal parents from birth by the virtue of the fact that the Surrogate has CONTRACTED  to give the birth of the Child for the commissioned Parents.

Egg donation is illegal in a most European countries. Very soon we will see the planet infested with INDIAN RACE homosexuals. Right now India has the least percentage of homosexuals on this planet.

In 2009, The Law Commission of India described the ART industry as a pot of gold and it recommended only altruistic surrogacy arrangements and not commercial ones.

But the LOBBIED up Draft Bill legalizes commercial surrogacy as well and now the commercial surrogacy is the legalized concept in India.

WE ELECT POLITICIANS WHO CARE MORE FOR PERSONAL POWER AND ZIONIST MEDIA LEGACY THAN THE REAL INTERESTS OF BHARATMATA.

WHAT TYPE OF AN EVIL RULER WILL FORCE A POOR INDIAN WOMAN INTO PROSTITUTING HER SOUL FOR MONEY .  

THOUSANDS OF YEARS OF OUR GLORIOUS CULTURE IS BEING FLUSHED DOWN THE TOILET BY POLITICIANS WHO USE JEW BRANDING AGENCIES TO GET ELECTED . 

 UNMARRRIED FOREIGN TOURISTS , LESBIANS , GAYS , LIVE IN PARTNERS ARE ALL MAKING MERRY.   

ZIONST DARLING  MR NARENDRA MODI, ARE YOU LISTENING ?  

Every thing favours the RENT A WOMB/ REPRODUCTIVE  white tourist . Any DESH BHAKT leader would at least fix the remuneration for the poor woman – here 90%  is stolen  .

In case of  complications, abortions pills are given by the EVIL doctor to terminate the pregnancy and the poor illiterate surrogate simply thinks that she had a spontaneous abortion.  

This doctor then is sent on a sponsored sexual jaunts—where even women Indian doctors get to screw young under aged gigolos ( hey husband and children--  she went for foreign conference , OK?) with a VIDEO CAM recording everything for future blackmail .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/kidney-sale-tourism-and-body-organ.html

Exploitation, extortion and ethical abuses in surrogacy trafficking are rampant and poor illiterate surrogate mothers are misused with impunity because there is no accountability of IVF centers-

APCO BRANDED NR NARENDRA MODI , ARE YOU LISTENING ? 

DO YOU CARE FOR FAMILY VALUES AND HINDU DHARMA MR ALICE IN GUJJULAND ?  
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF THE TERM PSYCHOLOGICAL STRESS TO A WOMAN WHO HAS TO SURRENDER HER CHILD IN HER WOMB ,  GURARAT MODEL MODI ?  

ARE YOU HELL BENT ON CREATING INDRANI MUKHERJEA PROTOTYPES IN INDIA ?

Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 15, 2014 at 10:21 PM
STOP PRESS :
ALL ZIONIST COMPANIES, FACEBOOK etc WILL NOW OFFER FEMALE EGG FREEZING OPTIONS .
THIS IS TO GIVE INCENTIVES TO FEMALE EMPLOYEES TO MARRY LATE IN LIFE , LIVE IN WITH MULTPLE SEX PARTNERS , OR EVEN GO FOR LESBIANISM , BASICALLY AN UNTERIOR MOTIVED DEPOPOLATION MEASURE .
WESTERN WOMEN ARE SOON KEEN TO HAVE MULTIPLE ORGASMS FROM MULTIPLE PARTNERS OR SEX TOYS OR ORAL SEX -- THAT THEY NEGLECT THEIR FERTILITY BIOLOGICAL CLOCK IS RUNNING DOWN .
TODAY MOST OF THE CAREER WOMEN IN THE WEST GO FOR IVF AS THEY ARE NOT FERTILE .
THEY HAVE PERVERTED PLAY PENS BETWEEN THEIR PALE ( yuck ptheeeouyy )BLUE VEINED LEGS AND NOT A DIVINE NURSERY .
WHEN A WOMAN CANNOT REPRODUCE AS PER GODs WILL- SHE IS NO LONGER FEMININE .
So these IMMORAL zionist companies now will pay for elective egg freezing for female employees, a process by which women surgically preserve healthy eggs on ice until they’re ready to become parents, at which point they begin the process of in vitro fertilization .

TAKE THIS FROM A PERCEPTIVE MAN- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL, NEVER MIND WHAT THE PAID UP STOOGE DOCTORS SAY -
the doctors will typically recommend women freeze at least 18 eggs , which often requires two rounds of the procedure , there is ABSOLUTELY ZILCH guarantee that the eggs will lead to successful pregnancy when they are implanted via IVF few years later .

Very soon these Zionist companies will hold Tupperware / Amway type female holding egg freezing “parties” to hear about it, with champagne flowing . Insurance companies will milk these STUPID women .
WHY IS THE JEALOUS WEST TYING TO TARGET THE INDIAN KHAPS ?
Because Khaps ENSURE high fertility and male offsprings by early marriages and SELECTIVE Y CHROMOSOME selections .
The modern doctors are NOT perceptive enough to understand the post below, which our ancient Maharishis figures out by a GOTRA system .
Punch into Google search -
. GOTRA SYSTEM , KHAP RULES , Y CHROMOSOME , DNA , GENETIC BIRTH DEFECTS VADAKAYIL .
CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL SAYS , THERE IS NO FEMALE INFANTICIDE IN INDIA . THIS IS A IMMORAL LIE BY THE JEALOUS WEST .

THIS IS ABOUT UNDERSTANDING THE FEMALE HORMONES AND Y CHROMOSOMES .

All these EGG BANK babies on ice , will have mental defects and will be Alzheimer zombies by the age of 60 .
Now see the fun, pretty soon all will repeat what I have said above - without credits .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3058241/Babies-born-surrogate-mothers-Nepal-gay-Israeli-couples-flown-country-military-planes-following-quake.html


JEW GAYS SCAMPERING LIKE RATS !

Why are Jew gays scampering like rats ?

Pray?

Prithee ?

These Jews arrange surrogate pregnancies overseas do so out of lack of choice, because the doors are closed to them in Israel.

How do you like this ?---  Under Israeli law, only a married heterosexual couple can contract an Israeli woman to serve as a surrogate mother. The law thereby discriminates against both single people and Jewish same-sex couples.

So what is sauce for the goose is NOT sauce for the gander?

What about all WE LOVE GAYS kosher bullshit?

Unlike normal Israelis there, these homosexuals don’t have the option of returning to Israel immediately:  A child born to a surrogate mother abroad cannot enter Israel before undergoing a paternity test.


TEE HEEEEEE !



Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 4, 2015 at 8:04 PM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBRnXjknFW4

Italian children’s book titled Piccolo Uovo (Little Egg), with a cover adorned by cute hippos, kangaroos and penguins- spreads homosexuality using ANIMAL CARTOONS .

The author of this book is an Italian LESBIAN named Francesca Pardi who married a woman named Maria Silvia Fiengo and have adopted four small children ( including two girls ).

When the whole christian world was scandalized by this homosexual cartoon book Pope Francis came to the rescue of the LESBIANS.

Pope Francis used his staff and wrote a letter to the lesbian author praising her work. Peter B. Wells, a senior official at the Vatican secretariat of state wrote in a July 9 2015, letter to Lo Stampatello, the publisher of Piccolo Uovo, commending the book for spreading “Christian values”.

Any Bollywood star who spreads homosexuality is given extra coverage on PRIME TIME TV.

– In BIGG BOSS episodes abroad if any inmate does NOT socialize with a vulgar homosexual in the house- he is called by BIG BROTHER and given a lecture on the wonders of being a homosexual --about how natural it is to be a gay -- how natural it is to have ANAL SEX.

here is boxer Holyfield being chewed up by BIG BOSS.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmiTmHbtw4g

and then the JUDAS media hold as FAKE poll to tell all how all men are CLAMOURING to have gay marriages.

dont ever think that the ZIONIST created NEW WORLD ORDER loves homosexuals.

this is part of a dark plan to reduce the worlds population.

there is a MASS CULLING of people going on--

asking career women to delay marriages, giving IVF bonus, toxic adulteration of water/ food supplies, release of weaponised man-made viruses, man-made pandemics, mass vaccination campaigns and a finally a planned Third World War.

AADHAR card is on the back burner thanks to the internet- its real agenda was an introduction to micro chipping every indian. BIG BROTHER can switch off your life- like how a pre-paid mobile phone scheme switches off . --you can withdraw money, you can buy fuel, you can cook, you can get medicine or hospital services, you cant travel, you cant stay in a hotel, you cant educate your children -etc etc if you get on the wrong side of the NWO.

Almost the entire world leaders have their balls and twats in a vice grip.

check out the pathetic brainwashed ( literally they ALL jump up as otherwise they can kiss their illgotten prosperity goodbye ) US congress -

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KMVhb57RqI

GOD HAS TO BE BANISHED TO MAKE THE JOB OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER EASIER.- THE EASIEST WAY IS TO ENCOURAGE HEDONISM AND MORAL DECAY .

INDIAN HOMES ARE ATTACKED HOUR AFTER HOUR VIA TV , TO PULVERISE THE HAPPY FAMILY .

the NWO have their lackeys and Useful Idiots posing as humanists and human rights champions to attack MORAL FIBRE and integrity.

to pulverise patriotism to the WATAN nowadays they show an indian hindu gay and a pakistani muslim gay kissing --mouth to mouth - on the streets of USA.

WORLD HERO Putin stands openly against homosexuality and gay marriages .

Our Jew darling and ZIONIST APCO branded PM Modi has said all is OK ( including homosexual sex / bestiality etc ) except child sex on internet.

OUR GLORIOUS ANCIENT CULTURE AND CIVILIZATION IS UNDER ATTACK.

almost 99% of the main stream media of India are now DESH DROHIS--Judases who will sell bharatmata for a piece of silver. ( the junior journalists are exempted -they are just holding on to a well paying job )

This IMMORAL DRIVE by the NWO must be stopped by desh bhakt Indians who love their WATAN.
MAKE ALL AWARE OF IMPEDING SERVITUDE TO EVIL FORCES.

a pepper trader and JEW ship owner ROTHSCHILD took over india -- history is repeating itself.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..





INDRANI MUKERJEAs INCEST LADEN FAMILY TREE







TODAY 28TH AUG 2015 IS ONAM 




Onam is the only festival on this planet which knows NO religion, language , caste, creed, sex, age, political leanings, financial status, or any other barriers. It is a unique festival-- the No 1 festival of Kerala-- at harvest time.

On Onam day we welcome OUR BELOVED ancient King Mahabali, the flower carpet if for him to sit on-- every house has it. People pray that such ancient prosperity should come back-- yet the whole thing is more about GRATITUDE than greed.

This is the flower carpet ( pookalam )  in my home this year!  This creation of fresh flowers  is done by the whole family,  and it is a symbol of family dynamics. Today we will feast on banana plant leaf, as per our rich culture. We will wear traditional clothes.

We in Kerala are proud of our culture and heritage, the oldest culture on this planet--  the land of Ayurveda, Kalari , Astronomy , Math etc.

We are proud of our ancient fertile land,  the most beautiful land on this planet.

A HAPPY FAMILY AND A HAPPY HOME IS BUT AN EARLIER HEAVEN. REMEMBER THE GREATEST LEGACY YOU CAN LEAVE FOR YOUR CHILDREN IS HAPPY HOME MEMORIES.

SHARE
LOVE
LAUGH
PLAY
HUG
FORGIVE
HOPE
REJOICE
CHERISH
REMINISCE
LIVE
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-kerala-does-not-celebrate-diwali-or.html




BE WHO YOU WANT TO BE - - NOT WHAT OTHERS WANT TO SEE . 

YOUR HOME IS FOR YOU TO LIVE IN  - -NOT FOR OTHERS TO GAPE AT.



OUR FESTIVALS TELL WHO WE ARE. 

WE ARE A GRATEFUL PEOPLE !

******************************************************************************
THE LOST TRIBE OF KALASHA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



krazzy desiAugust 24, 2015 at 6:17 PM
Hi captain,
What is your view of the Kalasha community of NWFP Pakistan?
Are they descendants of Alexander era Greeks or Jews?They look like Europians..



STOP PRESS:

The Kalasha proclaim with pride that they are the direct descendents of Alexander the Great ( sic). 

They have been fooled to do so by the white man just because the worship Zeo (Zeus).   

A Rothschild employee George Robertson is responsible for writing all nonsense about the history of Kalasha people 130 years ago.   

Like ever Rothschild deceit he has buried stone tablets with hieroglyphics ( reverse engineering –like Ashoka and Moses in Israel ) and then with great fanfare decipher the inscriptions to fool the world—here in this case when the code was deciphered by R stooge historians , the message read, ‘Alexander the Great lives forever’. TEE HEEEE !

Kalasha sect is thousands of years older , like the Yazidis.   2300 years ago, Alexander and his soldiers did NOT take this Hindu Kush mountain route.

Kalasha women usually wear long black robes, often embroidered with cowrie shells. For this reason, they are known in Chitral as "The Black Kafirs".

The land of the Kalash is known as Kafiristan (literally "land of the infidel")

There are less than 5800 Kalasha sect people left in the planet.  

They are connected to India like the Yazidis as they worship multiple Vedic DEVA gods. .  

This makes them different from the Shukracharya worshipping Zoroastrians as they worship ASURA ( ahura ) gods. 

Kalasha people worship Brihaspati, the bitter RIVAL of Shukracharya.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/thor-zeus-marduk-brihaspati-and-jupiter.html

Kalasha people live in a beautiful valley region in Pakistan's North-West Frontier Province bordering Afghanistan.

Islam has done ethnic cleansing of Kalasha people for centuries.

There was another similar sect Nuristani. They were hijacked by the Jews are today they are mostly  terrorists. To make the Nuristanis fight the Soviets in Afghanistan the Nuristanis were fooled to believe that they are THE  original Qureish, the tribe of Muhammad, the Prophet.

As usual Rothschild used his Hollywood clout to drive home a massive lie. 

Check out the movie ,"The Man Who Would Be King" staring Sean Connery which is based upon the legend that the Nuristanis came from Alexander the Great.  

Nuristanis were already there when Alexander the great existed.

If at all Kalasha people say some Greek words –it is because all those words are derived from Sanskrit. 

Kalasha live primarily in Urtsun and Jinjoret Valleys south of Drosh and in the Village of Kalkatak in Chitral.

WHEN KALASHA PEOPLE PISS THEY SAY WE ARE DOING “MUTRA “ – WHICH IS LIFTED FROM MALAYALAM / SANSKRIT.

WHEN THEY CUT WITH A KNIFE- THEY CALLED IT CHAKU.

WHEN THEY PUT A WEDDING RING ON THEY SAY IT IS ANGUTI

WHEN THEY LOOK AT THE SUN THEY SAY WE ARE LOOKING AT SURYA

THEY POINT TO THE STARS AND SAY THOSE ARE TARE.

WHEN THEY EAT MANGO / BANANA / POTATO / PEANUT  THEY SAY WE ARE EATING AAM / KELA / ALU / MOONHPALI

WHEN THEY POWDER THE WHEAT THEY SAY THIS IS GEHU POWDER

WHEN THEY PUT OIL ON THEIR BODY THEY SAY THEY ARE APPLYING TEL

WHEN THE EAT MEAT THEY SAY WE ARE EATING MAHNS

WHEN THEY INQUIRE YOU NAME THEY ASK WHAT IS YOUR NAAM ?

THEY CALL THEIR SON / MEN / WOMEN AS PUTR / PURUSH / STRI

WHEN THEIR DRESS GETS WET THEY SAY IT BECAME GILA

WHEN THEY COUNT ONE TO TEN- IT IS SAME EK -DO-THIN-CHAR-PANCH-CHE –SAT –ASTH-NAU-DAS

TWENTY IS BEES

SAME ( EQUIVALENT ) FOR BARTERING IS - BARABAR

WHEN THEY CALL THEIR COW THEY CRY AAH

WHEN THEY SEE THEIR HIDDEN GOAT THEY CRY—PASHYA

MILK IS WHITE- GORA

WHEN THEY DRINK MILK THEY SAY WE ARE DRINKING ( PEE ) KSHIR.

SO YOU BASTARD ROTHSCHILD HISTORIANS – 

SHOVE YOUR FUCKIN’ THEORIES UP YOUR GAAND ( THEY USE THIS WORD TOO WHILE ABUSING ) 

Let me end with a TRUE joke:--

Our neighbours shifted to a new home an they called us for HOUSE WARMING CEREMONY. 

Since I was at sea for so long I do NOT know the newly sprouted roads. In the car my wife was stitting with me in front and my father/ mother on the rear seat.  

We got lost !

Pretty soon my father put down his window and ask all “ Where is KHSIR VIKASANA SHAALA ?”

All the people would sort of nod their heads to indicate-   ”FUCK KNOWS !”

After about 6 such incidents , I asked my dad—what in the name of Charles Bronson is this KSHIR VIKASANA SHAALA ?”

He relies “ MILK FACTORY”

I cried out “ Why did you NOT tell me before, we could have avoided this merry go round trip , what with so many ONE WAY ONLY and NO ENTRY road signs.

The first person I asked “ where is the milk factory?” said-

You are right in front of it! 

And the new home was bang opposite .

I DO HOPE NOW TRIPLE SRI DOES NOT RUN THERE TO CLAIM SPIRITUAL LEADERSHIP LIKE HE DID FOR YAZIDIS.

I WAS THE FIRST PERSON ON THIS PLANET TO WRITE WHO THE YAZIDIS ARE -ANYBODY WANTS TO CHALLENGE ME? .

TEE HEEEEEEEE !



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/the-yazidis-of-iraq-ethnic-cleansing-by.html



DOES ANYBODY WANT TO KNOW WHAT A KALASHA IS ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/kalasha-symbol-of-cosmic-womb-capt-ajit.html


Capt Ajit Vadakayil

..






http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/shukracharya-is-ahura-mazda-god-of.html



BY THE WAY MY PREVIOUS POST ON HOMOSEXUALITY IS INCOMPLETE -




NEEDED TO TAKE A BREAK FROM DIRT !!






MONKEYS HAVING ONAM FEAST ,  JUST ONE HOUR DRIVE FROM MY HOME













Grace and peace !


namas te narasiḿhāya
prahlādāhlāda-dāyine
hiraṇyakaśipor vakṣaḥ-
śilā-ṭańka-nakhālaye

I offer my obeisances to Lord Narasimha, who gives joy to Prahlada Maharaja and whose nails are like chisels on the stone like chest of the demon Hiranyakasipu.


ito nṛsiḿhaḥ parato nṛsiḿho
yato yato yāmi tato nṛsiḿhaḥ
bahir nṛsiḿho hṛdaye nṛsiḿho
nṛsiḿham ādiḿ śaraṇaḿ prapadye.

Lord Nrsimha is here and also there. Wherever I go Lord Nrsimha is there. He is in the heart and is outside as well. I surrender to Lord Nrsimha, the origin of all things and the supreme refuge.

   

tava kara-kamala-vare nakham adbhuta-śṛńgaḿ
dalita-hiraṇyakaśipu-tanu-bhṛńgam
keśava dhṛta-narahari-rūpa jaya jagadīśa hare.


O Kesava! O Lord of the universe! O Lord Hari, who have assumed the form of half-man, half-lionl All glories to You! lust as one can easily crush a wasp between one's fingernails, so in the same way the body of the wasp like demon Hiranyakasipu has been ripped apart by the wonderful pointed nails on Your beautiful lotus hands.




TODAY 28TH AUG 2015 IS ONAM 



Onam is the only festival on this planet which knows NO religion, language , caste, creed, sex, age, political leanings, financial status, or any other barriers. It is a unique festival-- the No 1 festival of Kerala-- at harvest time.

On Onam day we welcome OUR BELOVED ancient King Mahabali, the flower carpet if for him to sit on-- every house has it. People pray that such ancient prosperity should come back-- yet the whole thing is more about GRATITUDE than greed.

This is the flower carpet ( pookalam )  in my home this year!  This creation of fresh flowers  is done by the whole family,  and it is a symbol of family dynamics. 

Today we will feast on banana plant leaf, as per our rich culture. We will wear traditional clothes.





We in Kerala are proud of our culture and heritage, the oldest culture on this planet--  the land of Ayurveda, Kalari , Astronomy , Math etc.

We are proud of our ancient fertile land,  the most beautiful land on this planet.

A HAPPY FAMILY AND A HAPPY HOME IS BUT AN EARLIER HEAVEN. 

REMEMBER THE GREATEST LEGACY YOU CAN LEAVE FOR YOUR CHILDREN IS HAPPY HOME MEMORIES.

SHARE
LOVE
LAUGH
PLAY
HUG
FORGIVE
HOPE
REJOICE
CHERISH
REMINISCE
LIVE

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-kerala-does-not-celebrate-diwali-or.html



BE WHO YOU WANT TO BE ,  -NOT WHAT OTHERS WANT TO SEE . 

YOUR HOME IS FOR YOU TO LIVE IN ,   - NOT FOR OTHERS TO GAPE AT.



OUR FESTIVALS TELL WHO WE ARE. 

WE ARE A GRATEFUL PEOPLE !
******************************************************************************
TAVISTOCK INSTITUTE , CREATING HERD MENTALITY AND MANAGING IT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THE COMMENT TO THIS TAVISTOCK QUERY IS A BIT TOO LONG.

SO I MUST PUT THIS SMALL DIRTY POST,  BEFORE I POST MY CLASSIC ON SANATANA DHARMA.

ALSO COMMENTS ARE PILING UP ON THE PREVIOUS POST .





amith mishraSeptember 8, 2015 at 11:10 AM
hi
capt what is ur opinion on The Tavistock Institute: and brooking institute .. also u never mentioned about kuhn and loeb which was started by jacob schiff
Basil Zaharof known as mystery man of Europe 



Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 8, 2015 at 12:10 PM
hi am,

Founded by Rothschild agents after WW2 to do NWO social engineering and to propagate the fake theories of MAD MAN Jew Sigmund Freud –his sexed up psychoanalysis and the psychodynamic theories .

The truth is this institute was in the shadows even before WW1- to brainwash convince peace loving populations of the need to massacre each other by forcing them to lose HOPE and succumb to fearful propaganda.

When I was a CHANGE MANAGER at sea , I did more by taking the psychological path of Sanatana Dharma. Man dances in the swampy valley between the mountains ranges if of FEAR and DESIRE.

I removed the distance between these mountains and FIRMED UP the valley by using HOPE MANAGEMENT .

It take EXTREME perception to understand even 1% of what I imply here. MAD MEN like Sigmund Freud can stick to ASSHOLES and TWATS –they wont understand all this.

Dang! Gave away a piece of VADAKAYIL MAGIC – the whole maritime fraternity wondered about. This is NOT reflected in these posts on CHANGE MANAGEMNENT. People read thse two posts and cried “ Oh Captain, you have really covered the whole game “.

Sorry—what I wrote below is just 2% of the game.

Why do you think the white man reads from this blogsite . They get things they wont get anywhere else on this planet.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/change-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/domino-effect-in-change-management-capt.html

Why has Sanatana Dharma refused to die ?

Because this religion gave HOPE.

There is NO “hell concept “ in Hinduism. They is NO need to say as in single messiah religions “FEAR GOD “.

Getting back-

Tavistock Institute went on to play major roles in subverting human psychology, so that R COMMIES can play god.

John Rawlings Rees became first president of the World Federation for Mental Health.
US Presidents who were slaves of Rothschild kept sending young Yanks to SAVE FREEDOM.

All these ignoramuses were doing was to consolidate the power of THE NEW WORLD ORDER funed by International Banksters.

This institute invaded the entertainment industry.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iYY2FQHFwE

Tavistock pioneered the techniques of propaganda used to justify war and HEGELIAN DIALECTIC .

The agents of Tavistock has infiltrated every possible branch of living on this planet.- JUDICIARY, LEGISTLATURE, MEDIA, POLICE, ARMY, CHURCHES, SCHOOLS, SPORTS, ART, MUSIC, etc. Every elite corporation, university, think tank or foundation is infiltrated by Tavistock.

What do we see on our BENAMI INDIAN MEDIA today? Propaganda disguised as news.

Suddenly the whole world is abuzz with the news of a drowned Syrian child.

Contrary to what people think Nixon was a good President . If you don’t toe the Tavishtock line , they make an example out of you.

It was President Nixon who finally halted the MOST FOUL war tactic of SPRAYING DEADLY TOXIN on Vietnamese people from the air.

In 1973, President Richard Nixon promised USD 3.25 billion ( a huge amount those days ) in reconstruction aid to Vietnam "without any preconditions." That aid was never granted by the subsequent governments.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/and-winner-is-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Tavistock triggers "spontaneous" social movement like homosexuality, women’s lib , environment LIES, human rights, UN standing guard while Zionists steal, maligning Islam , sponsoring ATHEIST single messiah religions, etc etc.

Unknown people crawl out of the woodwork and become great leaders. All this is VERY carefully planned by cunning powers.

Member of US Congress and world leaders are placed on chairs solely by their willingness to sell their souls and to collaborate with the occupying power.

Almost all FORTUNE 500 companies march to the Tavishtock drummer.

Most of the HASBARAs whom you see in COMMENTS COLUMNs of BENAMI newspapers , asking TRUTH SAYERS (who point out the elephant in the room), to take mental medicines are part of this programme.

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 8, 2015 at 12:31 PM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGNFZw_qhB8

I SAT FOR TWO WEEKS CONTINUOUSLY UNDER THIS GANDHI STATUE AT TAVISTOCK SQUARE IN LONDON--

FELT NEGATIVE VIBES EVERY SINGLE DAY.

NEVERTHELESS , A BLACK ROCK ABOVE ( PEACE ROCK ) 40 METRES AWAY FROM THE GANDHI STATUE GAVE ME GOOD VIBES . SO I HAD TO LEAN ON THIS ROCK , TO CANCEL THE NEGATIVE ENERGY FROM THE GANDHI STATUE.

http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/LocationPhotoDirectLink-g186338-d187731-i37081514-Tavistock_Square-London_England.html#37081505

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 8, 2015 at 12:40 PM
THE SONG HAS AN INJECTED SPECK OF SAND -

WE DONT BURN OUR DRAFT CARDS ( ARMY DRAFT FOR VIETNAM WAR ) ON THE MAIN STREET

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iYY2FQHFwE

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 

PRODUCTS OF TAVISTOCK INSTITUTE INCLUDE GANDHI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.  

IT IS NOT BY ACCIDENT THAT GANDHIs STATUE IS ON TAVISTOCK SQUARE IN LONDON.


A short walk from Tavistock Square is University College London, where Rothschild sponsored Kathiawari Hindu cum Jain , Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi’s education in 1888,  when he was still a teen.

The Tavistock Institute has its India chapter and we know who their products are – THE PERCEPTION MOULDERS and the CONSENSUS MANUFACTURERS who come on prime time TV.

Their methods have a SIGNATURE to it and it is so easy for a man of PERCEPTION to sniff them out from a distance.


I had mentioned about Sigmund Freud in my previous post on homosexuality.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/08/homosexuality-pedophilia-deviant-porn.html


OH BLIMEY-- MY CLEANSED AURA HAS NOW GOT BLACK HOLES ALL OVER AGAIN.


When CNN conducted a poll in India , they did NOT allow Indians to choose who the GREATEST INDIAN is.  We could only choose the SECOND GREATEST INDIAN .

This is pure Tavistock Modus Operandi—their signature.   

I know it because I was a leader of UNITED NATIONS men for more than three decades .  These peabrained methods are the DIRT under my finger nail .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/cnn-ibn-poll-greatest-indian-since.html

Today nobody on this planet trusts a poll by Zionist owned media or their BENAMI Indian main stream media.

Edward Louis James Bernays was the nephew of Sigmund Freud.   Bernays was named one of the 100 most influential Americans of the 20th century by Rothschild controlled Life magazine.

Bernays, working for the administration of Rothschild stooge US President Woodrow Wilson during WW1 to brainwash American and European Christians that America's war efforts were only to bring FREEDOM and democracy all over  Europe.

Bernays lifted his methods from French Jew Gustave Le Bon’s theories on CROWD CONTROL

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/collective-consciousness-and-milling.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/when-crowd-tuns-into-mob-capt-ajit.html



Bernays adopted Jew Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory  in defining mind game strategies of public relations.   Freud theorized that people are motivated by unconscious desires.

Bernays merged elements of Freud's psycho work with Jew Gustave Le Bon's CROWD CONTROL  psychology, and Wilfred Trotter's theories of herd instinct.

Jew Wilfred Trotter book, The Instincts of the HERD in Peace and War is an analysis of group psychology and the ability of large numbers of people to be swayed by innate tendency.

Herd behavior describes how individuals in a group can act collectively without centralized direction.

The term can refer to the behavior of animals in herds, packs, bird flocks, fish schools and so on, as well as the behavior of humans in demonstrations, riots and general strikes,  sporting events, religious gatherings, episodes of mob violence and everyday decision-making, judgement and opinion-forming.

We have seen such mind control on Anna Hazare’s ANSHAN programmes and now Hradik Patel who has crawled out of the woodwork. 




Modi must investigate Tavistock techniques used on Indian retired armed forced for OROP.

Take this as a EARLY warning from a perceptive radar .


India will disintegrate if we remain BABES IN THE WOODS .




All Tavistock techniques have a single goal---to break down the psychological strength of the individual and render him helpless to oppose the dictators of the New World Order.  

The BENAMI main stream Indian media and their TV prime time EMINENT debaters and newspaper columnists (who blog nowadays on printed media)  , are a potent tool.

Below: This man controlled by Tavistock institute survived for years , on neat whisky and ham sandwiches.




Tavistock introduced the practice of "advisors to the President," imposed on R stooge President Woodrow Wilson.-  those Rothschild stooges  who are not known to or elected by the citizens .

These EMINENT people (sic)  who owed the allegiance to BIG BROTHER ( NOT the country ) called the shots and  decided the internal and external foreign policies of USA.

Ever heard of Robert Vadra saying MANGO MEN ?



Bernays was public relations counsel to the United Fruit (United Brands) Corporation, one of the leading corporations in the communication/national security apparatus OR Jew Eisenhower's military-industrial complex.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html



United Fruit Corp called the shots when it came to forming US Policy.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/will-india-be-banana-republic-walmart_18.html



Bernays conducted the propaganda campaign alleging Guatemala was falling under "Communist control" that resulted in a U.S. engineered coup in that country.
  


Bernay’s book"The Engineering of Consent." Was the virtual Tavistock blueprint followed by the U.S. Government to overthrow any country whose policies were unacceptable to the One World Government.


Just an example-

In the first half of the 20th century, UNITED FRUIT CORP  poured investment capital into Guatemala, buying the country's productive land and controlling shares in its railroad, electric utility, and telegraph industries.

As a result, the Guatemalan government was subservient to UFC interests, exempting the company from internal taxation and guaranteeing workers earned no more than fifty cents per day.

At the time of the 1944 Guatemalan revolution, UFC was the country's number one landowner, employer, and exporter.

In 1950, Jacobo Arbenz Guzman was elected with 65% of the vote, and UFC perceived his agrarian land reforms as a threat to their corporate interests.  

UFC , with the help of the father of modern public relations, Edward L. Bernays, waged a propaganda war and managed to convince the American public and politicians that Arbenz was secretly a dangerous communist who could not be allowed to remain in power.

President Jew Eisenhower secretly ordered the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to overthrow the democratically elected Arbenz in a 1954 covert operation.  The CIA armed and trained an ad-hoc "Liberation Army" under the command of an exiled Guatemalan army officer, and used them in conjunction with a diplomatic, economic, and propaganda campaign.

At the time, the American public was told that Guatemala was undergoing a "revolution;" the CIA's involvement was long suspected and fully revealed when the agency released thousands of documents in 1997.

The overthrow precipitated a 40-year civil war that killed over 200,000 people, and "disappeared" another 100,000.

Bernays began working as UFC public relations counsel in the early 1940s, peddling bananas by LYING that they cured celiac disease .


The company had very close ties to the CIA-- former UFC executive General Walter Bedell Smith, who was later named to the board of directors, was a former Director of Central Intelligence, and the Dulles brothers (Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and then-current Director of Central Intelligence Allen Welsh Dulles) had provided legal services to the company through their association with the New York-based law firm Sullivan & Cromwell.

Notorious spymaster E. Howard Hunt, who headed the CIA's Guatemalan operation (and was later jailed for his role in the Watergate break-in) insisted in later years that lobbying by UFC  persuaded the Eisenhower Administration to get involved in Guatemala.

Che Guevara's wife Hilda Gadea  wrote "it was Guatemala which finally convinced my husband of the necessity for armed struggle and for taking the initiative against imperialism." –

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/spirit-and-che-guevara-capt-ajit.html


TODAY KERALA COMMUNISTS HAVE DISCARDED THE FACES OF ROTHSCHILD STOOGES JEWS MARX / LENIN AND DISPLAY THE FACE OF CHE GUEVARA INSTEAD.


Lesbian Jewess Margaret Mead influenced the 1960s sexual revolution.  She was a proponent of broadening sexual mores within a context of traditional Western religious life.   

Margaret Mead who had several lesbian partners had a lesbian live in relationship with Rhoda Metraux, for 22 years , till her death. Margaret Mead was awarded the US Presidential Medal of Freedom posthumously.

Tavistock Institute was a psychological warfare machine which partnered with UN agencies , Free Masons, spy agencies . It did a project by CIA code name, "MK-Ultra.'' – it was about  brainwashing by drugs, hypnosis, electroshock, and other tortures caused many books to be written about the project, and the U.S. Senate conducted hearings which exposed many of its abusive features.

MKULTRA and paid Dr. Donald Ewen Cameron for Subproject 68 (1957 – 1964) .  Cameron was to conduct experiments involving mind-altering substances. The goal was to probe examination into methods of influencing and controlling the mind and being able to extract information from resisting minds.

Japanese sadists Dr. Shiro Ishii (head of medicine) carried out violent human experimentation of tens of thousands during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II. His finding were given to USA quid pro quo , so that Jap Emperor Hirohita would be immune from hanging to death.

During these experiments he would also force pregnant women to abort their babies. He subjected his prisoners to change in physiological conditions and inducing strokes, heart attacks, frost bite, and hypothermia. Enormous experimentation was done using painful methods.

Ishii considered these subjects “logs”.

General Douglas McArthur struck a deal with Shiro Ishii and got the results and data of all sadistic human experimentation. 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/doctor-death-shiro-ishii-emperor.html


Society for Applied Anthropology, Margaret Mead's social-control institution unleashed  homosexuality in USA.

Pearl Harbor was "contrived" with the transfer of Zionist bankster cash to Richard Sorge the master spy, and then to a member of the imperial family to prompt Japan to fire the first shots so that the Roosevelt administration could take the United States into WWII.   

Tavistock played an enormous role in crafting the massive wave of anti-Japanese propaganda that swept the United States into the war in Europe via war against Japan.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/the-lie-of-pearl-harbour-revealed-capt.html

Jew Richard Sorge is considered to be the greatest spy in the history of this planet.

When master spy Richard Sorge was arrested in Tokyo in 1941 by the Japanese police, he had just informed Soviet dictator Josef Stalin that Japan was planning to attack Pearl Harbor.

The Sorge spy ring achieved success in steering Japan away from its previously considered plan to attack the Soviet Union, and instead to turn its fire on another target which turned out to be the United States.

Today the American public  know the meaning of FALSE FLAG ATTACKS engineered by the Tavistock way.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/gulf-of-tonkin-lie-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Another example is more recent; the Gulf War that began when a hue and a cry was raised about Iraq's alleged stocks of nuclear and chemical weapons, the so-called "weapons of mass destruction," (WMD's.)


Why go through all this trouble of mind control ?

The Zionist banksters want to establish a One World Government/New World Order with a unified ATHEIST interfaith religious system and monetary system under their direction.  

You will find some HINDU WORLD GURUS with beards dyed black and eyed brows dyed silver, with branches all over the world , who are the darlings of the BENAMI media. They know nothing of Hinduism, yet act as if they are ZE experts of Sanatana Dharma.

They want to eliminate national pride and loyalty to the  WATAN as only then the NEW WORLD ORDER can take off. So we see a Hindu Indian man deep mouth kissing as Muslim Pakistani man –see they are GAY COMRADES. The BENAMI media works every day to make the Indian self loathing – and to be ashamed of our glorious past.

The AADHAR card is a pre cursor to what follows – a system where BIG BROTHER can track you all the time and switch your life off , if you do NOT toe the line.  




The age of techonotronics, which would create complaint human zombies via a system of terror has begun.


The NEW WORLD ORDER wants to break down society and family values  by feminism and homosexuality to create mental depression and mental crutches like drugs/ alcohol . This will lead to depopulation.

Make extreme deviant porn normal , and ideal education for small children.

Create NEW WORLD ORDER judas stooges by BRIBES in the form of cash awards and place in the TOP 100 of Zionist magazines.   

Anybody who denigrates Hinduism becomes an INTELLECTUAL and EMINENT CITIZEN on benami media.

Introduce GENETIC ENGINEERING and make life STERILE / TERMINATOR  – where seeds would be held by BIG BROTHER.

Waken the moral fiber of children by creating CANNED LAUGHTER TV serials where it is VERY FUNNY to abuse your parents, teachers and elders. 

Make it normal to wear dresses showing your private parts and pubic hair.




To keep people everywhere from deciding their own destinies by HEGELIAN DIALECTIC.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/hegelian-dialectic-cancer-on-this.html

To condition the human mind to accept SHIT as CHOCOLATE.  Corrupt every form of art, music, fashion and good life.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/modern-abstract-art-and-picasso-capt.html





Above: If Lady GAGA has to be on top of music ratings--this is what she must do -- her twat is seen , with people putting fingers inside -- is there a greater disgrace.

To place NEW WORLD ORDER stooges on the throne of every nation. THE BEST WAY TO ELIMINATE OPPOSITION IS TO LEAD THE OPPOSITION.   

Already most of the nations have such Zionist stooges who allow big brother to control all foreign and domestic policies .  

In India they want to INTERLINK all rivers and kill bharatmata. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html

And who will do this ?  Israel of course – a nation who does NOT have a single major river. 

Today we get Aluminium in our brains and bodies – acidic Coke in an aluminium can does the trick . Fertility and brainpower is reduced.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/killer-aluminium-leaches-in-your-food.html

Tell women in villages , SMOKE IS BAD FOR YOUR EYES and GLOBAL WARMING  – and make them cook on CNG which emits nano particles which breach the blood brain barrier.

Eliminate food as medicine by altering ORGANIC FOOD structure, cow milk from A2 to A1.


Start LAB CREATED virus outbreaks so that children in third world countries with poor nutrition and body resistance,  can be vaccinated with aluminum inherent vaccines for depopulation.


The Tavistock Institute has the Committee of 300 on top, which controls everything on the planet except Putin and China recently.

They consists of all previous Opium drug running agents / sub-agents and bankster colleagues of Rothschild.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/dirty-secrets-of-boston-tea-party-capt.html


They control almost all the top Fortune 500 companies  with interlocking connections that reach into every facet of government, trade, banking, foreign policy, judiciary, intelligence agencies and the military establishment.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html


One of the most spectacular and successful propaganda was poisoning the mind of the Russian people against their beloved Czar and his wife. 

The Jews spread propaganda using a monk named Rasputin who had done only good things .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/rasputin-and-his-wart-capt-ajit.html

Below: The Jews cut off Rasputin's prick and put it in a jar.  See, this is what the Czarina was after!!  

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL , A MAN OF PERCEPTION SAYS THAT PRICK IN THE JAR IS NOT HUMAN --  

SORRY KOSHER FOLKS !


The czarina was made out be a nymphomaniac who needed to be humped by a large prick.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html

Rothschild arm twisted US President Woodrow President Wilson, to issue a brand new American passport to Jew Leon Trotsky, (whose real name was Lev Bronstein) so that he could travel, although Trotsky was not a U.S. citizen.



Above: This Boney M group was in Malta when I was staying a hotel there.  I watched them for 3 days.  They seemed to be LIP SYNCHING .   The man was a different guy.


In the eighties JEW MAURICE STRONG was the Chaiman of Tavistock Institute.

This man with Rothschild called the shots on the GLOBAL WARMING BULLSHIT.    

As early as 1972 Rothschild had used Maurice Strong in the UNCHE conference at Stockholm to lay the foundations of this giant greenhouse gas hoax

Maurice Strong, was the man who put the United Nations into the environmental business, being the shadowy-figure behind the UN secretaries general from U Thant to Kofi Annan.

Maurice Strong was the Rothschild front and the driving force behind the idea of world governance by the United Nations when he dreamt up a world tax on monetary transactions of 0.5% which would have given the UN an annual income of USD 1.5 trillion.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/begone-al-gore-hoax-of-carbon-dioxide.html

Below: Tavistock trained LIAR Al Gore !




In 1989 Maurice Strong was appointed by Rothschild as the Secretary General of the Earth Summit.
He co-authored the ‘Earth Charter’ with Jew Mikhail Gorbachev in 1992.

Today this strongman is hiding in China.

Below:  Diwali is melting the Himalayas, the arctic and the antartic-- with Alps and Al Gore's ass thrown in for good measure TEE HEEEEEEE !




Below:  SKY IS FALLING ! SKY IS FALLING !!  LIAR AND NOBEL PRIZE WINNER , AL GORE 



Below:  Check out from 3.45 onwards -- LIAR AL GORE GETS RAPED -- MAKING A LIVING OUT OF FEAR MONGERING --HE  MADE 100 MILLION DOLLARS .




WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW NARENDRA MODI TO MOTH BALL INDIAs ENORMOUS COAL RESERVES  -  IF HE DOES THAT,  APCO MODI  WILL NEVER GET ELECTED AGAIN.  


The face of Deng Xiaoping who did "Chinese Perestroika" and allowed Rothschild remote controlled Jews to enter China resembled Maurice strong. 


BAAAP RE !


American journalist Jewess Anna Louise Strong settled permanently in China until her death in 1970, publishing a "Letter from China.".  

She was very friendly with Deng Xiaoping—all in China know that . When she dies she was given a state funeral in China.

Deng Xiaoping was the leader of China from 1978 until his retirement in 1992.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

BELOW: GLOBAL WARMING HAS BECOME GREATER THAN THE 6 MILLION JEWS LIE !




Evert Zionist nation EMBEDDED REPORTER with a army unit  is trained to lie.  Saddam Hussain did NOT gas the Kurds.  He did NOT have that type of phosgene gas which was used.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html


In the post above the crypto Jew Kuwaiti Ambassador’s daughter was NOT even in Kuwait during the war, to see Iraqi soldiers pulling out babies from the incubator .  

A glance at her passport would have revealed the truth. She was staying in Washington D.C. with her father at the ambassador's Washington residence. 



Yet this child-liar and her father were not prosecuted. That is what the propaganda experts at Tavistock call "a successful remake of events."

The Kuwaiti ambassador paid Hilton and Knowles USD 600,000 to stage the elaborate fraud in front of the Senate, for which  he ought to have been arrested for lying to a Senate  committee.   

What was so galling is that the crypto Jewess daughter also went unpunished for her part in tearfully recounting her  experience:   "I saw the Iraqi soldiers pull the new born babies   out of the incubators and thrown them on the ground," she cried with poor body language .



Nayira Al Sabah's testimony became the centerpiece of a huge media campaign in America, and it is known to have swayed not only the Senate, but put the American people on the side of the war against Iraq.

Even today people in UK and USA do NOT know that they fought both world wars for a German Jew to carve out the state of Israel , and NOT for Queen or country .

In the middle East and Turkey so much deceit went on to create WW1 and WW2  that it is mindboggling.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-part-two-capt-ajit.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-3-crypto-jewish.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-4-zionist.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/05/lawrence-of-arabia-part-5-zionist.html

Even today if anybody tried to tell the truth in the comment column on the Internet , he is immediately dubbed as a mentally unstable man by a group of Hasbaras – reminding him to take his mental medicines on time .

It is so easy for the national security agencies to find out who they are .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/hasbara-jewish-propaganda-on-social.html

Below: Jew Hussain Saab is such an angel!




Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .

Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.

Till this blogsite revealed this , this was a kept as a great secret.

Today even Wikipedia agrees with th 1.3 million and 2.5 million figure of participation, but they have reduced the number of death by half 111. 000/ 243,000. 

It is ridiculous to see Indian govt spokesmen just repeating Wikipedia lies , like mindless monkeys .


Like how America was dragged into war by Pearl Harbour—they were dragged into war by a FALSE FLAG ATTACK on a passenger ship.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/explosion-on-ss-maine-grooming-of.html

In the post above I have shown how the Jews with long memories took revenge on Spain, the reason is in the post below

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html






Jews would splinter Christianity into 41,000 pieces.  Benjamin Netanyahu calls Christian Zionists USEFUL IDIOTS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/protestant-christianity-created-by-jews.html



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/nazis-were-more-cultured-and-kinder.html

Indeed what will you call Christians in US Congress who jump up ad clap like this in the video below.  


To be frank, they clap OUT OF FEAR .

WHAT WAS THE GREATEST HUMAN MASSACRE IN WRITTEN HISTORY ?

THE SECOND WORLD WAR .

Let me quote Wikipedia -
QUOTE- the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (during which approximately one million people were killed, including the use of two nuclear weapons in combat),[3] it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.[4) UNQUOTE

The figures of death are watered down by Wikipedia—31 % more people died in WW2.

NOW HERE IS SOMETHING WHICH YOU WILL NOT FIND ON MAIN STREAM MEDIA-

WHICH WAS THE GREATEST DECEIT IN HISTORY— SPONSORED BY TAVISTOCK MENTAL CUM PSYCHO INSTITUTE .

A MAN WHO WAS HILTERs NO 2 – HIS DEPUTY- WAS DECLARED MAD , BECAUSE HE TRIED TO STOP WORLD WAR 2 , AS REQUIRED BY HITLER.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO READ THE ABOVE POST.

EVEN TODAY THE BRITS DO NOT KNOW THAT THEY ROYALTY HAS GERMAN BLOOD.

THE TAVISTOCK INSTITUTE CHANGED THE BLOODLINE OF BRITISH ROYALTY FROM GERMAN CHRISTIAN - AND NOW IT IS JEWISH. 

THEY PUT A TONGUE TIED KING ON THE THRONE WHEN THE WAR STARTED –SO THAT CHURCHILL CAN CALL THE SHOTS AND CARVE OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/great-romance-and-curse-of-kohinoor.html

BRITS DO NOT EVEN KNOW THAT WINSTON CHURCHILLs MOTHER WAS JEWISH .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html



BCCI started in 1928 by Rothschild is just a society, registered under the Tamil Nadu Societies Registration Act.   

BCCI emblem show Rothschild’s ORDER OF THE STAR which represented British East India Company RAJ.


Maharaja Jayajirao Scindia of Gwalior who supported Rothschild in the 1857 first war of Independence was given this honour-- Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India.

Narendra Singh, Maharaja of the State of Patiala was also given the same award for supporting the white invader in 1857 war of Independence --while the whole of India stood as one single unit against Britain.( except Mahar dalits of the grandfather of BR Ambedkar Havildar Maloji Sakpal , the Sikhs, and Scindias ).

A grateful Rothschild even gave Narendra Singh’ son, the award of Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India .

Majoji Sakpal of dalit Mahar regiment of Bombay British East Indian army,  was given large tracts of land by a grateful Rothschild along with a medal of bravery.  

BR Ambedkar was the 14th son of Maloji’s son Subedar Major Ramji Sakpal.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/murky-truths-of-sepoys-mutiny-1857.html

Raymond Eustace Grant Govan a stooge f Rothschild was the first BCCI president.   Rothschild used this man as a front for his Indian National Airways Ltd.  In 1953 Indian National Airways was nationalised and merged into Indian Airlines.

Rothschild has also allowed a Parsi Opium drug runner to operate an airline with the owner piloting the first plane himself.

Here are the TRUE  minutes ( PROCES VERBAL ) to a Legislative Council meeting held on Friday, March 25, 1887.

During the meeting a group of Hong Kong-based merchants, among whom were included Shellim Ezekiel Shellim, “of the firm of David Sassoon,Sons & Co,” and Ruttonjee Dadabhoy Tata  , “of the firm Tata & Co.,” presented a petition “for and on behalf of the Opium Importers and wholesale Opium Merchants of the said Colony.”

They had come to complain about a Bill before the council, titled “An Ordinance for the Regulation of the trade in Opium,” which they believed “would prejudicially affect their trade.”

“That while fully recognizing the necessity of carrying out the object aimed at by the said Bill, namely, the prevention of Opium smuggling into China, and while sympathizing with its spirit, your petitioners submit that the means by which it is proposed to effectuate such object would inflict serious injury upon the Opium trade, and especially on the aforesaid Opium Importers and wholesale and retail Opium dealers, and prove a blow to the general commerce and prosperity of this Colony-----  ----- .”

BLAH BLAH


Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata was the was the first cousin of Jamsetji Tata, and father of JRD Tata.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/drug-runners-of-india-capt-ajit.html

Wikipidia takes EXTREME pains to keep Rothschild out of the Opium drug running  history .  But hey, they have written a piece on Sassoon.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sassoon_family


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_opium_in_China


David Cameron the PM of UK is a Jew of German blood.   He kept it a secret till the internet exposed his history.

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/israel/10692757/David-Cameron-speaks-of-Jewish-ancestors-including-great-great-grandfather-and-Yiddish-novelist.html

What type of Hindu am I , if I am ashamed to call myself a Hindu?

The British PM Camerons’s  German Jew great-great-grandfather Emile Levita ,( banking agent of German Jew Rothschild) , working as director of the (Standard) Chartered Bank.  

One of Chartered banks first branches was in Calicut my hometown , for textiles – it worked out of the compound of the factory HQ ( Commonwealth Trust Ltd , Calicut ) where my parents worked..  All the managers of this company were white skins .

We in Calicut know these Opium and Freemason stories. 

The white man in Calicut employed VATTLORES ( uniformed English speaking Malayali Indian butlers ) when they held their drunken and drug crazed FREE MASON  parties and rituals.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/freemason-lodge-of-calicut-capt-ajit.html

Chartered banks branches in Calcutta, Mumbai and Shanghai dealt mainly with Opium proceeds.  

Jewess Enit Levita is David Cameron's paternal grandmother -

NOW APCO MODI WILL GO TO UK , TO MAKE A LANGOT YAAR OUT OF DAVID CAMERON AND HUG HIM -- OH DAAAAAAAA ! 



LET THE INDIAN BENAMI MAIN STREAM MEDIA BOSSES AND THEIR CHELAS KNOW THIS--  YOUR JUNIOR JOURNALISTS AND MANAGERS ARE NOT PRESSTITUTES.    

IT DOES NOT MATTER IF THESE JUNIORS ARE HINDU , MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN, SIKH, BUDDHIST , JAIN OR WHATEVER, THEY ARE LOYAL TO THE WATAN , NOT TO THEIR DESH DROHI BOSSES ..

THEY ARE LOYAL TO BHARATMATA. 


BENAMI INDIAN MAINSTREAM MEDIA OWNERS AND TOP LEVEL PRESSTITUTES MUST KNOW , THAT EVEN THEIR WALLS HAVE EARS .  



Above: Desh Bhakti must be to the WATAN , -- never to a person on a throne , or written pieces of paper like the constitution.

Why do our politicians take oath TO SWEAR ALLEGIANCE TO THE CONSTITUTION – which was the Rothschild created method ?

The oath of office for the President of India is as follows:-

I, (name), do swear in the name of God (or solemnly affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President (or discharge the functions of the President) of the Republic of India, and will to the best of my ability preserve, protect and defend the Constitution and the law, and that I will devote myself to the service and well-being of the people of Republic of India.

—Article 60, Constitution of India

Below: AKKAL KA DUSHMAN becomes over achiever !


APUN WOMEN KO EMPOWER KAROONGA- CHARKHA GHUMAAKE! 


For the President of Israel, there is a "Declaration of Loyalty":

I pledge to maintain loyalty to the State of Israel (WATAN ) and to its laws and to faithfully fulfill my duties as President of the State.


IS CONSTITUTION GREATER THAN THE WATAN ? WHO SAYS SO ?


TODAY IN INDIA IF YOU CRITICISE THE ASOKA SYMBOL BY DRAWING A CARTOON YOU GET SLAPPED BY SEDITION LAWS –   BUT YOU CAN LET YOUR WATAN DOWN OPENLY, THERE IS NO PROBLEM, RATHER THERE IS APPLAUSE .

SUHEL SETH MUST KNOW THAT HE IS ON THIN ICE - 

Below: Hugh Hefners play boy bunnies were bare chested during wet parties -- our desi chutney marys avoid bras , to make their nipples stand out like bullets.   Why do TOP COPS and judiciary attend page 3 parties ?


OUR SECURITY AGENCIES KNOW WHAT HE IS UP TO , WHO ATTENDS HIS PARTIES, AND WHOSE PARTIES HE ATTENDS ABROAD.




S Roy
September 9, 2015 at 6:32 AM
Alex Jones is not authentic at the core.  Look at his Prison Planet logo it is an illuminati seeing eye.  Most of the alternative media is controlled by the NWO/Illuminati.  The purpose is to be the controlled opposition. They have convincing spokesmen e.g. Rense, Makow, Alex Jones, What Really Happened, Antiwar etc..  But each are working a different angle to subtly influence you. Michael Rivero at What Really Happened tries to ridicule religion any chance he gets. Makow supports God and reveals a lot, except that he slams gold, so on and so on.  But as the Captain said they all have a signature that exposes themselves e.g. Jeff Rense strikes a typical freemason pose (jesus on cross looking up). And most of these sites beg for money unlike our Captain.

A part of the occult of the NWO is to gain acceptance from the public for the wrongdoings and hypocrisy and that is what they work towards e.g. 1 syrian kid dies on beach and we are all to blame but the actual point of western countries bombing syria, iraq, yemen goes unnoticed.

Delete
################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 9, 2015 at 3:26 PM
hi sr,

sometimes for kicks i swing the lead , to make my jealous detractors stew in their own corrosive and toxic juices.

nobody is jealous of a loser.

jealousy is MENTAL CANCER .

there is NO greater punishment for a conscious human than jealousy.

people who try and pull you down are definitely below you , right?

TEE HEEE !

so never hate people who are jealous of you!

THUMB RULE !!

on my ship when there is an incident i do NOT allow cameras.   camera make a man out of a mouse , and vice versa.

there are people who donate for charity only if a camera is whirring --or atleast if their names comes on the print or TV media .

when you expose truth for money or fame -- then who are you ?

i put my picture on every post , because only cowards hide in the shadows and bark.  such people do not LIVE life.

a lot of these conspiratory theorists are cowards who took a QUID PRO QUO plea bargain--and they pulverise their own ETHOS built over years , by stupid stories of aliens and reptilians .   you know who they are .

that is why i am a fan of chitpavan brahmin GANESH BABARAO the elder brother of the FAMOUS and ROTHSCHILD sponsored  VEER VINAYAK DAMODAR SAVARKAR.

the younger brother vinayak damodar was on a PLEA BARGAIN with rothschild --and he reaped the JUDAS silver coins.

ganesh babarao savarkar has BALLS .

today people have exhumed tesla.

SUPER PATRIOT ganesh babarao savarkar is NOT known even by the chitpavan brahmin community.

even RSS has buried him.

capt ajit vadakayil exhumed this desh bhakt.

I WANT NCERT SCHOOL BOOKS TO REMOVE ALL ROTHSCHILD IMPOSED HEROES AND PEOPLE GENUINE PEOPLE LIKE BABARAO GANESH.

BHARAT MATA KI JAI !

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/ganesh-babarao-savarkar-unsung-hero-of.html

i ask my readers to do nation building. spread the above link on facebook and twitter.

every CHITPAVAN JEW was NOT a traitor.

every KERALA SYRIAN JEW is NOT a traitor.

every MARWARI / PALANPURI/ KATHIAWARI JEW and ATHEIST JAIN is NOT a traitor.

every MAHAR BUDDHIST is NOT a traitor .

every PARSI of the Rothschild Opium drug running agency families is NOT a traitor

indian belongs to ALL who love the WATAN.   This blogsites loves them.

the advise to Indira Gandhi , to storm the sikh golden temple came via Tavistock ! Surprised ?

capt ajit vadakayil
...




BELOW: THANK GOD THE BRITISH INVADED INDIA BECAUSE OF WHICH INDIA GOT RAILWAYS ( BUILT BY ROTHSCHILD TO ROB BHARATMATA BLIND ) 




Below: Statue of MAD MAN Sigmund Freud ( who committed suicide ) in front of Tavistock institute.


 Special Intelligence Service (SIS) of MI6 of Rothschild dealt with all types of mind control.  Tavistock’s agenda is used to topple governments.  Tavistock’s objective is to eventually control entire populations between the use of drugs and sophisticated mind control techniques, including group dynamics.  


Sigmund Freud was Tavistock's first director, followed by his daughter, Anna.



Tavistock Institute has connections with Freemasonry worldwide.    


Modi must find out which all judges of India are members of Freemason clubs. 



MAD MAN Sigmund Freud's known case histories follow a beaten track . 



A patient would show up, often with a  good understanding of the origins of his own problems.  



MAD JEW Sigmund Freud would place him on his couch listen to him ---




--and then this MAD JEW would write a theory insisting that all his problems stemmed from bizarre and sometimes incestual  sexual repressions. 



The patient would get wild , disagree and go away, without paying money . . .



Below: I am sure the Tavistock Institute declared HESS mad , by saying that he became mad because he could NOT screw his own mother.




The SON OF A BITCH Sigmund Freud would them cook up great revelations tom tommed by Rothschild media and peer reviewed magazines—insisting that the patient was fully cured.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/08/homosexuality-pedophilia-deviant-porn.html


Below:    Why I was in my training ship as a cadet ( a 16 year old boy ) I was asked to write an essay on SIGMUND FREUD .  I declined.   What I wrote later got me the first prize . Finally it was written by a Parsi cadet whose father was  the Deputy Conservator of Mumbai port trust-  which got published in the training ship magazine..



IMMORAL Tavistock Institute did enormous study and did statistical studied on the "breaking point" of humans including children.

German Jew Kurt Lewin , a psychologist, became the director of the Tavistock Institute in 1932.   Kurt developed the Force field theory --   a framework for looking at the factors (forces) that influence a situation, originally social situations.  


It looks at forces that are either driving movement toward a goal (helping forces) or blocking movement toward a goal (hindering forces).



Pea brain Lewin coined the term 'group dynamics' , the way that groups and individuals act and react to changing circumstances. 


All his bombastic robotic theories for change and group dynamics  have NO intelligence inherent in it--so says Capt Ajit Vadakayil.   Kurt Lewin studied in the LKG section where Capt Ajit Vadakayil was Principal.





HEY , MR NOT SO BRIGHT , GHONCHU KURT LEWIN , COULD YOU IMAGINE KOSHER FORCE FIELDS FOR HAPPINESS IN A MILLION YEARS ?


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/happiness-from-within-capt-ajit.html


Eric Lansdown Trist was a mind control expert/ hypnotist who was one of the founders of the Tavistock Institute for Social Research in London. He and Kurt Lewin worked in tandem and they launched a journal named Human Relations.   

This journal would be the main stay for the Research Center for Group Dynamics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  

Just shows how the poor perception of  MIT is.



HEY, KURT "NOT SO BRIGHT "  LEWIN -- EVERY HEARD OF THE TARZAN SWING OR DOMINO EFFECT OR NIDHIDYASANA ?



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/change-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/domino-effect-in-change-management-capt.html

UNFREEZE – CHANGE— REFREEZE IS FOR MORON CHANGE MANAGERS  !





Tavistock brainwashed trained MARTIN LUTHER KING JR with Gandhian funda-- the black man must give LOBE nay LOVE when the white man shits on his face day after day. If possible borrow a charkha from Gandhi.  

I wonder when Chinese invade India , our soldiers will be told to ghumao charka rather than greet them with bullets. 

AFTER ALL MODI SPAKE-- GANDHIJI NE CHARKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZADI DILWAAYA !




Below: Tavistock products !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/mahatma-gandhi-re-writing-indian.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html




Ronald David Laing of Tavistock brainwashed terrorists Angela Davis and Stokely Carmichael.

Laing , a mentally disturbed man , saw psychopathology as rooted in the crucible of society rather than biological or psychic organ. nature and causes of psychopathology



Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 10, 2015 at 1:00 AM
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Bangladeshs-first-lesbian-comic-strip-heroine-gets-more-global-than-local-attention/articleshow/48890261.cms

CHECK THIS OUT.

THE ZIONIST WHITE MAN IS VERY KEEN ON CONVERTING BANGLADESH MUSLIM GIRLS TO LESBIANS.

WE DO KNOW GAY ANAL SEX IS RAMPANT THERE.

Boys of Bangladesh (BoB) has launched Bangladesh's first-ever lesbian comic character, Dhee. The event, held at the British Council, was addressed by Ann McConnell, director of the American Center.

The comic character has been developed as an advocacy material as part of "Project Dhee", a new initiative of BoB aiming to advance the nascent movement for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Bangladesh.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


So what is the power of Tavistock propaganda ?

When Gandhi was shot dead , he just fell dead..

Gandhi never said HEY RAM.

This terrific lie was introduced to pacify the Hindus who considered Gandhi a Kathiawari Jain and an atheist, and was seen as capitulating to Muslims and the white invader .

Venkita  Kalyanam, was the closest to Gandhi and he too says what the assassin said .

Let me quote V. Kalyanam --
QUOTE: Mahatma Gandhi never said ‘He Ram’ when he died :UNQUOTE .

Nathuram willed that his ashes must not be immersed in any river in India — it must be scattered only in the Sindhu in Pakistan.  His explanation was that Gandhi’s ashes have been immersed in all the rivers of the world — even in the Nile, Volga and Thames.  But the Pakistan government refused to immerse his ashes in the Sindhu, saying they didn’t want to pollute it with the ashes of a kafir. 

According to Nathuram the Sindhu was the only river which was pure as Gandhi’s ashes were not immersed there.

Gandhi’s ONLY Guru was a Jain mystic, Raychandbhai Mehta  ( Srimad Rajchandra )—a filthy rich jeweler . In his autobiography Gandhi wrote a  chapter on his Jain guru, praising his purity of character and desire for self-realization.

While in South Africa Gandhi had portraits of Jesus, Jew Tolstoy, Annie Besant on his room walls —but NEVER Hindu gods.   

Atheist Jains regard Gandhi as possessing and spreading the highest Jain principles.



Martin Luther King Jr’s speck I HAVE A DREAM was written by the Tavistock institute.

Martin Luther King Jr  used the phrase 'I have a dream' eight times in his address to about 2,000 people at Booker T. Washington High School in Rocky Mount, eight months before electrifying the nation with a much touted extempore speech  at the March on Washington.

He also referred to 'the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners,' saying he dreamed they would 'meet at the table of brotherhood.'

On the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, King changed that to 'sit down together at the table of brotherhood.'



 In both speeches, LET FREEDOM RING  served as his rallying cry .  

It was the idea of Tavistock institute to have eight men wearing GANDHI TOPIS stand behind him while delivering his I HAVE A DREAM SPEECH. 



I WOULD CALL THEM ROTHSCHILD TOPIS.



The Topi of AAP ( Gandhi Topi ) was designed by Rothschild for Gandhi in South Africa.

This was to be the symbol of NON-VIOLENCE .   Once you wear this cap you cannot raise your arm against anybody.

While in India Gandhi urged his followers  “be prepared to die for the khadi cap”

Nehru made a huge attempt to keep the Gandhi cap in fashion, sporting it everywhere.



The maharajah of Jaipur at a reception he held for Queen Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh in 1961,  forbade guests from wearing the Gandhi cap; they were made to wear the Rajput turban instead. 


Obviously some people know dark secrets.


The WARKARI SAMPRADAY ( Varkari ) was a Bhakti movement creation of Rothschild . Nobody heard of this community till the white invader came to India.  

Their pilgrimage centre is Pandharpur from where Crypto Jew MF Hussain originated.  Varkaris worship Rothschild created gods Vittala/ Vithoba/ Panduranga- and TRIPLE SRI sponsors them.  

Dabbhawallahs of the Warkari clan supported Anna Hazare, and they are praised to the skies by Rothschild media –as if they do ROCKET SCIENCE in delivering noon tiffins.

In 2011 the members went on strike for the first time to promote and attend a rally by Azad Maidan to support Anna Hazare in his campaign against corruption.

On 21 March 2011, Prakash Baly Bachche carried three dabbawalla tiffin crates on his head at one time which was entered as a Guinness world record—a FAALTHU  PROPAGADNA on Rothschild media..

Today the Sai Baba Mandir in Shirdi is visited by around more than 26000 pilgrims a day and during religious festivals this number rises  up to a 120,000—almost all of them Hindus, who also believe in the Rothschild created God called Vittala. In Wikipedia Vishnu and Vittala / Vithoba are talked about in the same breath. 

Nobody in India heard of Vittala/  Vithobha / Panduranga/ Khandoba  before the white invader came to India.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html


QUOTE -- Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India - April 2011… On February 21st, AbhangaNaad: The Voice of Devotion took place on the University Grounds of Shivaji University in Kolhapur. Featuring approximately 2,500 Warkari (devotees of Lord Vithoba) singing in unison and accompanied by 1,350 Dhols (traditional Indian dhangar' drums), the event celebrated divine love in the presence of His Holiness Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, also known as guruji ( Triple sri if you please ) . This massive concert attracted more than 120,000 devotees plus another 3 million television viewers throughout India.--UNQUOTE



Below : Elvis Presley used to FRENCH KISS his audience.  He was a Tavistock tool 





Tavistock used established stars to introduce drugs, sodomy, lesbianism, analingus, fissures in family / society etc.  Today you find the same thing in India.  

Why does BENAMI media and TV give so much of publicity to certain stars who say decadence and homosexuality is good for India?  



Are these TV NEWS CHANNELS licensed to push Bollywood ?  Are newspapers allowed to be pimps for real estate mafia?

Below: At least the GREAT KHALI is kissing girls-- there are many who kiss boys !



WWF HAS FOR LONG PUSHED HOMOSEXUALITY IN A SUBTLE WAY.  




ALMOST THE ENTIRE AUDIENCE ARE HOMOSEXUALS WHO DROOL AT THE RING SIDE RUBBING THEMSELVES AND HIS NEIGHBOUR GAY..











Tavistock used established stars to introduce drugs, sodomy, lesbianism, analingus, fissures in family / society etc. 

Eva green was catapulted to fame ( to being a JAMES BOND heroine ) because she did INCEST scenes and DEVIANT sex – where vaginal blood is smeared on her lips while she kisses her brother’s friend .

She did all sorts of extreme sex in the movie- THE DREAMERS . 

Mind you this movie was touted as a ROMANTIC MOVIE by Wikipedia . 

WARNING :   BOYS UNDER 18 AND WOMEN ARE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE THE LINK VIDEO BELOW—   

AAARGGHHHH PPTHEEEEOY !


http://www.xvideos.com/video51308/eva_green_-the_dreamers_2003_

I CANT IMAGINE WHITE PEOPLE SITTING WITH FAMILY IN MOVIE THEATRES AND WATCHING THIS FOUL INCEST AND EXTREME DEBAUCHERY .

THESE ARE NOT CENSORED SCENES , IT WAS SHOWN ON IN MOVIE THEATRES IN FRANCE AND I SAW IT.

IF JEWESS LEELA SAMSON HAD CONTINUED FOR A DECADE , WE INDIANS WOULD BE WATCHING OUR BOLLYWOOD STARS DOING THE SAME PERVERTED SEX SCENES .  


WHY DO YOU THING A "VOHRA "  JEWESS WAS BROUGHT TO INDIA VIA BIGG BOSS AND SUGAR DADDY ?  




ALREADY FOR 12 YEAR INDIAN SCHOOL GIRLS LUNNY SEONE IS A NATIONAL ICON . 

THAT SHORT CLIP ABOVE IS A SMALL PART OF PERVERTED SEX IN THIS MOVIE . 

THERE IS FOUL INCEST WHERE HER BROTHER AND HIS FRIEND ARE TAKING HER TOGETHER.TAKING SWIGS OF WINE .

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Dreamers_(film)

all this Hollywood decadence started long ago – with movies like EMMANUELE ( Sylvia Cristal offering anal sex to the winner of a kick boxing tournament )  and LAST TANGO IN PARIS. ( Marlon Brando doing anal sex on the floor ).   








Great propaganda was done for these two movies by our BENAMI media.




WHY DOES FTII WANT GAJENDRA CHAUHAN REMOVED ?

WHY DO THEY WANT SOMEONE LIKE SUGAR DADDY WHO FRENCH KISSED HIS OWN DAUGHTER ON THAT CHAIR – PROBABLY LUNNY SEONE WILL BE THE IDEAL CHOICE .
WE KNOW WHAT JEWESS LEELA SAMSON DID WHEN SHE WAS CENSOR BOARD CHAIRPERSON-SHE INTRODUCED HOMOSEXUALITY TO BOLLYWOOD .

Today you find the same thing in India.  Why does BENAMI media give so much of publicity to certain stars who say decadence and homosexuality is good for India? 

Are these NEWS CHANNELS licensed to push Bollywood by the govt ?  Are newspapers allowed to be pimps for real estate mafia by news columns ?


I MUST NOW GO AND TAKE A BATH-- I AM COVERED WITH SHIT !



WANNA HEAR BRAINWASH STUFF ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/back-swing-of-john-galt-capt-ajit.html

Below:   Gloating speech by John Galt after choking up the asshole of the planet  !




FINISHED HEARING ?


OK THEN , SIGN THIS JOHN GALT ( ROTHSCHILD ) PLEDGE !!


PHATTAPHAT !!



CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL SAYS--

THE SPEECH OF JOHN GALT ( above video ) IS THE GREATEST BULLSHIT HE HAS EVER HEARD . .  

HERE IS A RICH  ASSHOLE WHO DOES NOT EVEN KNOW WHO HE IS -- 

UNLESS YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE , YOU WILL NEVER HAVE WISDOM. 

AND HULLLOOO JOHN GALT PAAJI - 

WORDS OF WISDOM ARE ALWAYS SHORT--

FOUR HOURS OF RAMBLING MINDLESS NONSENSE  IS WHAT YOU SPAKE .  




CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL , A MAN OF PERCEPTION , HAS JUST TRASHED THIS IDIOTIC SPEECH ! 

SAALA,  SELFISH CHEAT JOHN GALT THINKS HE IS A CREATOR LIKE NIKOLA TESLA ? 

SORRY, TESLA NEVER STOLE A CENT,  OR EVER LIVED OFF THE MISERY OF MANKIND ! 


ALL MAHA MERUs OF THIS PLANET WILL BE EVALUATED BY CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL BEFORE MY REVELATIONS REACH 90%.  

http://go-galt.org/Galt_Pledge/JG_Pledges.html





Rothschild used his mistress Jewess Ayn Rand as a cunning DIALECTIC.    

Rothschild always controlled both opposite forces ( say Democrats / Republicans , Pandavas / Kauravas ) and funded both sides in every war.  

He created Communism and socialism, "collectivism;" and then  used Ayn Rand to posit its dialectic opposite, Rand's "Objectivism"  a form of individualism.



Atlas Shrugged is a novel about business tycoons like John Galt who go on strike because their “stealing style” is hampered by government regulation.  

Ayn Rands 'Objectivism' was an attempt to make a philosophy of psychopathy , virtue out of hedonism and selfishness .  




Below: Hey Rothschild darling , APCO branded Narendra Modi , should we give LOBE nay love and ghumao charkha ? Columbus has just landed ashore with his small pox blankets !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/christopher-columbus-father-of-american.html



Her John Galt trash held for the last 6 decades-- black is white, white is black .. 

No more !

Today , this very hour , it is buried !





AYN RAND AS YOU CAN SEE IS WORSE THAN A PSYCHOPATH – CALLING HER MAD IS BEING KIND TO HER.





SAALA , JOHN GALT  PAAJI -- 

WHY DO YOU KEEP REPEATING THE WORD  "CONSCIOUSNESS " WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING ?  

THIS WILL NOT IMPRESS ANYBODY , WHO HAS PERCEPTION.

THIS IS LIKE  AKKAL KA DUSHMA REPEATING "WOMENs EMPOWERMENT " AGAIN AND AGAIN.


IF ANYBODY LISTENED TO THE WHOLE 4 HOURS OF BULLSHIT-- PLEASE COUNT HOW MANY TIMES JOHN GALT TOLD THE WORLD "CONSCIOUSNESS "  LIKE A CHOOT.









Ayn Rand brainwashed generations of young western kids and this converted USA into a selfish and greedy nation –today in 18.6 Trillion USD debt which they do NOT intend to pay back at all.

Ayn Rand brainwashed young minds , it is perfectly moral to be selfish . Young American rich girls would throw away a broken doll rather than giving it away to a poor black child.

She is responsible for young Americans DUMPING THEIR OLD PARENTS in old homes . Now Maggi Noodles is telling Indians to give Noodle packets and kettles to parents so that they can live alone.

Below: Here is a CHUTNEY MARY going off to live with PICKLE JOHN.



Homosexuals took a clue and preyed on young children.

Women divorced and abandoned their children because they wanted some change in the sex routine.


The EVIL philosophy Ayn Rand laid out in her novels was full of  hyper-egotism, power-broker worship and anarcho-capitalism.  

She opposed all forms of welfare, unemployment insurance, support for the poor and middle-class, regulation of industry and government provision for roads or other infrastructure.

SHE PREACHED THAT THERE IS GREAT VIRTUE IN EXPLOITING VULNERABILITY AND BREACHING A TRUST IF IT COULD HELP YOUR CAUSE.

Her view of economics starkly divided the world into a contest between 'moochers' and 'producers,' with the small JEWISH ZIONIST group making up the latter generally composed of the spectacularly wealthy, the successful, and the titans of industry."

In the real world, however, mistress of Rothschild Ayn Rand herself received Social Security payments and Medicare benefits under the name of Ann O'Connor (her husband was Frank O'Connor).

Ayn Rand’s book Atlas Shrugged is taught and distributed to students in many western nations /

Rude, dismissive, vain and self-infatuated to the point of obtuseness — she names Atlas Shrugged as the only great American novel .
  
Ayn Rand loved to throw around the word "parasite." If you aren't a psychopath greedy hedonist billionaire, in Rand's eyes you're a parasite. 

She converted THIEF international banksters into world ICONs.



Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 10, 2015 at 5:15 PM
Razor Skidrow
September 10, 2015 at 4:22 PM
What happens to consciousness when we are hit or in coma? Do inanimate objects have consciousness?


###########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 10, 2015 at 5:01 PM
hi rs,

CONSCIOUSNESS is a energy field .

it is NOT a STUPID english word .

consciouness as proved by the DOUBLE SLIT experiment below is written in our vedas 7000 years ago.

this is called superstition by ATHEISTS and ignoramuses like dhabolkar, ananthamurthy, pansekar, kulbargi, bhagwan , ambedkar, periyar etc

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/quantum-double-slit-experiment-video.html


capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete



Tavistock remains the mother of all research facilities connected with behavior modifications, opinion making , false flag attacks and Hegelian dialectics, for shaping of political events

Crypto Jew James Bryce, 1st Viscount Bryce was USED by  Tavistock for making the white western man hate Germans.  He was appointed by Rothschild as  British Ambassador to the United States of America.

The Bryce Report on horrifying German atrocities in Belgium during WW1 was as per Tavistock plan.  He lied about German infantrymen spearing Belgian babies on their bayonets as they marched along, singing war songs..  

He established that  the Germans were ugly beasts in human form. Sir Roger Casement wanted Bryce to be tried for treason. 

But hey, Casement was stripped off his knighthood disgraced as a perverted gay ( lies planted in a diary with a handwriting forger ) and a traitor ,  hung and buried in quicklime.

Rothschild was so pleased with Bryce that Bryce served at the International KANGAROO Court at The Hague, supported the establishment of the League of Nations controlled by Rothschild.

In 1907, Bryce was made a Member of the Order of Merit on orders to King Edward VII from Rothschild.

Lord Bryce whitewashed the role of Jews in the Armenian genocide.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-part-two-capt-ajit.html

Below: SEX INSIDE THE CHURCH-


In 1886, Andrew Carnegie wrote that, "six or seven men can plunge the nation into war without consulting Parliament at all."     

Hey Andrew Paaji , all it took was ONE single man to start WW1 And WW2, whose named started with R. Why six or seven bhaiyya ?



Below: Notorious homosexual Sammy Davis Jr and Bob Hope were members of the Mk Ultra mind control programme --Linda Lovelace of DEEP THROAT fame ( who did bestial sex ) was a victim,  whose husband Chuck USED her.. the Jews used her for bizarre scatology with tubes and enema --most foul XXX movie DEEP THROAT was seen by almost every adult and young teens in USA. She was in every Hollywood function. Once she sat next to Clint Eastwood for dinner --and he ignored her right through. 

Linda Lovelace would be in Hugh Hefners pool side parties and in the huge garden tub.  Linda said Hugh took her from behind in the huge crowded tub , with husband Chuck watching her.  She serviced many TOP US  politicians  

Below:  Playboy / Penthouse/ Hustler centre spreads HAD to do deviant sex with TOP honchos .



Sugar daddy has got a Indian Vohra Jewess LINDA LOVELACE in India with her husband in tag !! When did you last see a Times of India e-news without at least two pictorials of this XXX porn star Lunny Seone ?


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linda_Lovelace



DO WE NEED THIS DECADENCE IN INDIA? 

WHY IS OUR GOVT ALLOWING THIS ?



I HAD A MUSTARD COLURED T SHIRT  “I MADE LINDA LOVELACE GAG “AND WORE IT IN USA IN THE SEVENTIES  .   

THIS WAS JUST TO WATCH REACTIONS .    EVEN 12 YEAR OLD GIRLS BLUSHED OR CRIED WOW !.

IT MEANT THEY HAVE SEEN THIS MOST FOUL MOVIE DEEP THROAT !



WANNA LEAVE LOVEY DOVEY -- YOU ARE MY ROLE MODEL - YOU ARE THE SALT NAY BOUNTY OF INDIA --TYPE MESSAGES FOR INDIAN ICON LUNNY SEONE ?

BE MY GUEST !

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/ask-sunny-leone/social/48901360.cms


In the Gulf war it was Tavistock idea to make FILTHY RICH Kuwait to slant drill and steal Iarqi oil and then inform Saddamm Hussian how RICH MAN IS STEALING FROM THE POOR MAN.




It was Tavistock stooge April Catherine Glaspie the first woman US ambassador to Iraq, who encouraged Saddam Hussain to resist this theft by telling him USA will NOT intervene.









But when the attack was mounted, Bush Sr  lost no time in a sending the U.S. military to help Kuwait—a CLASSIC FLASE FLAG scenario.

Saddam Hussain would have NEVER  invaded Kuwait had he been given an explicit US warning that such an invasion would be met with deadly force by the United States where millions of Iraqis would die.


India will soon face such a situation and we are NOT equipped to deal with this by national leadership.

President Bush whipped up support against Iraq by using the  fake US Embassy in Kuwait "hostage" claim.-again a Tavistock HOAX.





President Bush whipped up support against Iraq by using the  fake US Embassy in Kuwait "hostage" claim.-again a Tavistock HOAX.



Saddam Hussain told several times that US embassy personnel were free to leave Kuwait. But Zionist media drowned out the truth. The American hostages were NOT Iraqi hostages –but American hostages.


Saddam Hussein's invasion of Kuwait was not the start of a bloody campaign to conquer the whole oil rich region, using WMD , as the first Bush administration LIED to the American public.



Let me quote Wikipedia:
QUOTE: Silverstein has said in interviews that he usually spent his mornings in breakfast meetings at Windows on the World on top of the World Trade Center North Tower, and with new tenants in the building. However, the morning of September 11, 2001, his wife insisted that he attend a medical appointment with his dermatologist, escaping almost certain death. [20] :UNQUOTE

Rothschild’s shipping arm is Zodiac/ Zim / Tanker Pacific.  The owner Jew Billionaire and wealthiest man in Israel ( just a front )  SIR Sammy Ofer vacated World trade centre just before the attacks. 

The Zim-American Israeli Shipping Co. moves their North American headquarters from the 16th floor of the WTC to Norfolk, Virginia, one week before the 9/11 attacks.

QUOTE: More than 200 workers had just been moved out; about ten are still in the building making final moving arrangements on 9/11, but escape--Jerusalem Post, 9/13/2001-UNQUOTE

By this hurried exit which surprised all , Zim forfeited a $50,000 security deposit when it terminated its lease .   





The 17th Floor office space of Zim saw massive explosions –when the 10,000 square feet of office space on the 17th Floor of the North Tower of the World Trade Cente was supposed to be absolutely empty.


Above:  Zodiac Shipping Building is bang opposite the Gandhi statue in Tavistock square London- just 35 meters from the main door.across the street .  This is the only shipping company who asks for RELIGION to be declared on the entrance form. .  


 Tanker Pacific Shipping with Offices in India used to load oil in Iran.   MONEY IS GOD . . When caught, Sammy Ofer and family claimed that the state of Israel had given the family permission to dock their ships in Iran.

The Israeli PMs office promptly put out a statement saying there was no such authorization and that any suggestion otherwise was incorrect.

In May 2011, U.S. government sanctioned Ofer Brothers Group, for selling an oil tanker to Iran's national shipping company through a Singapore ( Tanker Pacific )  subsidiary. The move violated U.S. trade restrictions on Iran.

The Israeli news media has revealed in exposing close links between Sammy Ofer-owned companies and BIG CATS in the Israeli defense establishment. It was revealed that Yaakov Amidror, Mr. Netanyahu’s National Security Adviser and a former military official, sat on the boards of several Sammy Ofer-controlled companies.

Sammy Ofer owned vast real estate and hotels in India ( secret ) using Indian crypto Jew BENAMI fronts.


In 2008, Sammy Ofer donated 20 million pounds ($33 million) to fund a new wing at Britain's National Maritime Museum, which observers said was the largest private donation ever made to a British cultural institution.

He was subsequently awarded an honorary knighthood.  His JUNK ships manned by incompetent sailors with FAKE certification ( from Georgia – using Ex-Soviet maritime authority  stamps ), were given British flag which gave them immunity from Port State Control worldwide.  


He also took in British cadets to keep Britannica’s maritime Industry alive. This is easier said than done as modern British Cadets are soft, immature and decadent- unable to do hard work.


When Sammy Offer died Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu expressed his condolences - "Ofer was a true Zionist" in everything that he did.


Of course we all know that !


Iran has no business dealings with "Zionist" companies, Chairman of Iran's Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Mines (ICCIM) Mohammad Nahavandian cried.

Oh yeah ?

I commanded a Sammy Ofer ship with a British flag to load Sulphuric acid in Iran for Italy.  This was the first time that pipeline was used after the war , after more than a decade.

I have made a comment in the post below 4 years ago  –

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/high-melting-point-cargoes-on-chemical.html

Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 25, 2011 at 1:39 AM
hi bhoj,

AAA) you have to take a sample before opening the manifold valve and check if the cargo in the sample bottle ,is indeed what has to be loaded. you have the properties of this cargo on paper and so it is easy--as you are not a half wit.

once in iran, instead of getting sulphuric acid, we got phosphoric acid in the bottle. i did not give permission to open the manifold valves ( two days standoff under lot of shore pressure ) till i got sulphuric acid in the sample bottle.  the iranians drained the shore lines into a dozen trucks.


THE IRANIANS GOT SO UPSET WITH ME THAT THEY PAINTED “SHAITAN “ ON MY SHIP SIDE IN HUGE WHITE LETTERS.




Above : Blood and guts  cover the walls of the EVIL British Medical Association following the bomb explosion in Tavistock Square on 7 July 2005





Rn MurthySeptember 11, 2015 at 3:37 PM
Dear Capt Ajit Sir,

Modiji govt is still buying from Zionist Israel....what's happening ?
https://www.facebook.com/PMOIndiaReportCard/photos/a.723948394331519.1073741828.723903324336026/967476579978698/?type=1&theater
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 11, 2015 at 3:55 PM
hi rm

THE DRONES MODI PLANS TO BUY FROM ISRAEL WILL WORK ONLY AGAINST A COUNTRY THEY WANT.

IF THE SAME DRONES ARE USED AGAINST A ISRAEL FRIENDLY COUNTRY THESE CHIP HIJACKED DRONES WILL COME BACK AND DESTROY THE LAUNCH AREA.

this is NO great ROCKET TECHNOLOGY-- this is a simple chip hijack program which even an undergraduate student can do in USA

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/dance-of-terror-drones-whither-honour.html

http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/government-approves-400-million-plan-to-procure-armed-heron-tp-drones-from-israel/articleshow/48906195.cms

IN THE MOVIE INTER STELLAR THEY SHOW THE YANK HERO HIJACKING AN INDIAN DRONE AND STEALING ITS BATTERY.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb4GgY-xKfg

capt ajit vadakayil
..


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/environment/the-good-earth/Antarctic-Oceans-carbon-dioxide-absorption-increased/articleshow/48913737.cms

AL GORE AND ROTHSCHILD NOW KNOWS THAT INDIA IS NOT GONNA SWALLOW NONSENSE ABOUT CARBON DI OXIDE CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING ... . .

WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW ZIONIST DARLING MODI TO MOTHBALL OUR ENORMOUS COAL RESERVES -- WE INDIANS WILL MAKE SURE MODIs POLITICAL CAREER IS TERMINATED IF HE DOES THIS . . .

SO NOW AL GORE AND PARTY ARE BACK TRACKING . . .

SEE THE DANGER IS GETTING REVERSED . . . .

BRRRRAAAAAYYYYYY !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/begone-al-gore-hoax-of-carbon-dioxide.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..



KULDEEP SINGHSeptember 12, 2015 at 7:08 AM
Capr Sir
What are the reasons behind HEP (A B C). Nowadays doctors are simply offering removing of uterus. Isn't this conspiracy of evil pharma and unknown municipality. Doctors are minting big money on above disease. Hospitals which are panneled by govt in some scheme of govt for free treatment are offering directly for an operation. Then i took one of the victim for second opinion who advised only medication.



 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 12, 2015 at 11:17 AM
hi ks,

initially there was only hepatitis A . this was by shit/ oral contact. --spread usually through water , unwashed veggies etc. Hepatitis A causes an acute infection but not a chronic form of the disease. Treatment usually involves only supportive therapy, and most people recover fully within about 4 months.

all other forms B C D E started a few years ago

deadly diseases like hepatitis C ( sex via blood route ) was NOT there 20 years ago. it happens to women who use serrated dildos , homosexuals having anal sex etc.

very long INCUBATION PERIODS usually mean that this disease is MAN MADE. for B and C it could be as much as SIX months--while for A it is less than 15 days.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/hiv-does-not-cause-aids-many-aids.html

AIDS / HIV is a man made disease.

Almost all male homosexuals in the West use nitrite inhalants (amyl nitrites, called "poppers").

On chemical tankers we have it , for use when we load deadly isocyanates like TDI , MDI , PAPI etc. It comes in small glass ampoules that were crushed to release their vapors, and received the name "poppers" as a result of the popping sound made by crushing the ampoule.

When there is a problem we crush Amyl Nitrite capsules 5 times at 15 second intervals and hold under nose of victim.

Amyl nitrite is a vasodilator with the formula C5H11ONO.

The homosexuals use it as an inhalant, to expands blood vessels, increase heart rate for the euphoric state , relax the involuntary muscles -basically the anal sphincter.

The effects set in within a few seconds. There is NO time for foreplay in dirty toilets or dark corners in parks. They are more orgasmic oriented, as opposed to pleasuring someone.

When combined with other intoxicant stimulant drugs such as cocaine or ecstasy the euphoric state intensifies and is prolonged. There is an intense rush, euphoria, and a sensation of heat and excitement. Before Amyl Nitrate came on the scene( to prevent painful anal fissures and ulcers ) in the gay community there was no AIDS.

In the 1991 film The Doors, Jim Morrison, played by Val Kilmer, sniffs Amyl Nitrite from a glass ampule in an elevator immediately before gay sex. Morrison died at age 27.

Inhaled nitrites interact freely with endogenous trivalent nitrogen compounds to produce carcinogenic nitrosamines. Virtually all the early homosexual patients later diagnosed with AIDS had used poppers. Nitrites act on blood vessels, the site of KS, AIDS-related KS [Kaposi’s Sarcoma] and are known to be mutagenic. Poppers are immunosuppressive.

AIDS-related KS [Kaposi’s Sarcoma] lesions occur most often on the chest and face, especially the nose; those are the body areas most heavily exposed to nitrite vapors. Persistent anal-rectal sexual activity can lead to various pre-cancerous lesions such as Bowen’s disease and Kaposi’s sarcoma.

Whenever tissues are traumatized, cracked, or abraded, they are vulnerable to bacterial infection, especially when shit is just around the corner.

THE WEST RIDICULED INDIANS FOR WASHING OUR ANUS AFTER A CRAP.
HIV is NOT the only virus created in the lab. AIDS was developed in a US lab, as a biological weapon.

Same way CHIKUNGUNYA was developed in a US laboratory, as a biological weapon.

Chikungunya eats up your system bit by bit till it completely exhausts almost all the functioning organs in the human body. Headaches, pain in joints, nausea, vomits, chills and rashes are common symptoms of Chikungunya. These symptoms are common for many other diseases as well but Chikungunya is a much more deadlier disease than any other disease.

The fever literally destroys your immunity system.

they create new diseases. they created new vaccines. these vaccines are used in third world nations for depopulation.

in india our vedic organic food was medicine.

today APCO branded Modi is hell bent on converting our food chain to GM. he has surrounded himself with DESH DROHI zionist advisers

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 


Vikhyat SinghSeptember 12, 2015 at 8:50 AM
http://www.oneindia.com/sports/cricket/denigrating-hindu-god-ms-dhoni-moves-sc-against-karnataka-hc-order-1866270.html

this man just wanted to make some money and...
hey, he is 'secular' now



 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 12, 2015 at 10:56 AM
hi vs,

WHY DO YOU THINK ZIONIST MEDIA MADE "GODS"OUT OF PEOPLE WHO PLAY A STUPID GAME WHICH IS PLAYED BY ONLY EIGHT AND A HALF COUNTRIES ON THIS PLANET.

AT LEAST DHONI IS ONLY MORPHED .

SACHIN TENDULKAR WAS POSING WITH GOLD COINS WITH HIS FACE AS GOD INSTEAD OF THE USUAL GODDESS LAXMI ( VISHNUs WIFE ) ON AKSHAYA TRITIYA COINS.

I WILL NEVER OFFER MY FACE IN LIEU OF A GOD -- THIS IS ETHICS -- NO MAN OF CHARACTER WILL TRAMPLE ON THE FAITH OF 1 BILLION PEOPLE.

WHO ARE UNSUCCESSFUL EX-LAWYERS TURNEd JUDGEs TO DECIDE ON PEOPLEs FAITH.

http://www.cricketcountry.com/news/sachin-tendulkar-gold-coins-launched-on-akshaya-tritiya-26313

MODI HAD LET DOWN HINDUS , WHO ELECTED HIM !


capt ajit vadakayil
..
 







http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/Labs-earned-crores-from-H1N1-hysteria/articleshow/48905515.cms

Swine flu was reported in India in early 2015. The disease affected more than 31,000 people and claimed over 1,900 lives.

The H1N1 virus was frozen in a laboratory freezer  by intent, in the late seventies.

H1N1 flu vaccine shot is more dangerous than the flu.

Vaccinations for the H1N1 are ineffective because the inoculation cannot prevent infection or support the body’s development of immunity—I challenge anybody to prove me wrong !

In India, where the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) along with WHO vaccinated thousands of children with the polio vaccine showed a development of non-polio paralysis.  An estimated 47,500 children were affected by the efforts of BMGF and WHO.

BMGF were also involved in the deaths of thousands of Pakistani children when they and the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunizations (GAVI) inoculated against polio and those children died of non-polio paralysis.

We want Zionist darling PM Narendra Modi to investigate theZionist  DEPOPULATION agenda going on in India ( Pakistan and Bangladesh too )

Capt ajit vadakayil

..


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html



Bill Gates has now joined Al Gore in saying that DEPOPULATION is necessary to combat climate change.

Watch the video below :--

http://www.cnbc.com/2014/01/24/contraception-key-in-climate-change-fight-gore-and-gates.html






AAAARRRRGGGHHH   PPTTHHHHEEEOOOYYYYYYY !




amith mishraSeptember 12, 2015 at 11:51 AM
hi capt i came across this interesting book called biological Jew . here in chapter author describes about
Jews and civilization i give brief summary In the record of many civilizations, we find that the presence of the parasitic group is in many instances fatal to the host people Jewish communities have established themselves in gentile nations and remained for hundreds of years without exhibiting any signs of being dangerous to their hosts, but, if the gentile host attempts to dislodge them, they immediately rise to the challenge and bring into play their specialized modifications for remaining upon
the host.Jewish communities have developed sedentary habits, which in turn have led to certain diseases, directly attributable to this sedentary life, and which have been known for their high incidence among the Jews. Thus diabetes is referred to in many medical dictionaries as “the Jewish disease”The Jew is the only human group which has repeatedly undergone mass actions, or pogroms, against it. Because of its parasitic mode of existence, the Jewish community made no effort to develop a nation or an independent state during thousands of years of recorded history.Because of its total dependence upon the gentile host, the Jewish parasite develops a deep hatred and a contempt for the animals which provide it with food and shelter. This hatred is a
protective frame which acts as a shield for the Jewish community, and prevents it from accepting the life and goals of the host people for its own

amith mishraSeptember 12, 2015 at 12:01 PM
contd part2
The Jew lives in constant fear of rejection, of being thrown off of the host, which would mean his starvation and death. As a result, the Jew sees everything in the light of how he “relates” to the host, or how he
maintains his parasitic situation During the twentieth century, man has begun to concern himself with the problem of the collapse of world cultures, great empires which rise to their zenith, and then mysteriously
decline. We know why they rise. The threat of rejection always stirs a torrent of
fear and anger in the parasite.This is why the Jew MUST control our communications; this is why he MUST control our education; this is why he MUST control our government; and most important, this is why he MUST control our religion. If he fails to do this, in any area, he endangers his continued existence as a biological parasite.All of these Jewish vocations have one thi
ng in common, the opportunity for fraud. The Jew always operated from a basis of fraud, and slipped easily from one vocation into another. A Jew practices medicine in one city, and, leaving behind
a trail of corpses, turns up in another town as a soothsayer Jew never develops deep roots in
any culture of a host people, but confines himself to the most superficial and the most quickly profitable aspects of its existence. Parasitism is quite different from the relationship of prey
and predator, in which one body gets its nourishment by killing and absorbing the body of another.
Here the predator is always larger and stronger than its prey, while the parasite is
always smaller and weaker than its host.”

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 12, 2015 at 12:27 PM
hi am,

the JEW has splintered christainity into more than 41,000 pieces.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/03/protestant-christianity-created-by-jews.html

it takes a lot of SLIMY CUNNINGNESS to to turn the tables on catholics by the inquisition. later catholics were getting burnt on the stake -including the most loyal catholics , the crusaders .

saint francis xavier who did the inquisition in goa ( only hindus were tortured and killed ) was a crypto jew like his colleague saint ignatious loyola. a lot of jesuits went around the world looking for a homeland for jews .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

i do NOT want to write how the JEW has splintered islam-- as muslims are NOT ready for it .

almost EVERY islamic terrorist organisation is created and funded by Jews . Today Indian muslim clerics know why ISIS does NOT attack israel.

today indian muslim clerics know why rulers of middle east countries are trying to re-intsall a ousted crypto jew president of yemen abd rabbuh mansur hadi.

however you can get the tip of the iceberg by reading the 5 parts of the post below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/lawrence-of-arabia-truth-exhumed-capt.html

JEWS has wedged away sikhs and filled their guru granth sabib with verses from rothschild's DASA creations. JEWS created the khalistan movement.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/unknown-history-of-sikhs-and-sikhism.html

the jews tried to convert sikhs to atheists , but sikhs did NOT get fooled. they tried to stop sikhs from cremating their dead ( like the lingayaths ) but sikhs again had commonsense and refused to accept.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/cp-brown-and-yogi-vemana-capt-ajit.html

JEWS converted jainism and buddhism to ATHEIST religions without CREATOR GOD. buddhism and jainism were NOT born that way. every piece of information on buddhism and jainism written by the white JEW historian is false.

SEE THE PARADOX-- YOU DONT SEE RICH BUDDHISTS IN INDIA , BUT JAINS ARE FILTHY RICH AND HOLD POWER FROM BEHIND THE SCENES .

today pakistanis know how many of their pashtun PATHAN KHANS are jews. they know why hasnat khan has an affair with Jewess Diana and how imran khan married jewess jemima.

time are changing-- this is the meaning of kalki effect.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 

Below: Precious JEW asset Qadri being protected by Zionist Blackwater while in India 3 years ago.



Tahir ul Qadri, is the son of Fariduddin Qadri from Jhang, Punjab of the Sial sect.  

 In  2012, Taher Ul Qadri  appointed JEW Joel Hayward, an expert in Hebrew language , an Air bombardment expert of UK Royal Air Force, as his "Strategic Policy Adviser”  Hayward is a member of the UK Armed Forces Muslim Association.

Qadri wrote a 600 page book titled 'Fatwa on Terrorism'.  The "Introduction" of this book was written by DANGEROUS crypto Jew Joel Hayward who calls himself Yusuf Moustafa Muhammad. The entire Zionist world sponsors this crypto Jew Joel Harward.

Now this Jew has jumped into GLOBAL WARMING -- In 2013 the US Air Force published his book, Air Power and the Environment: the Ecological Implications of Modern Air Warfare.  

By denying the 6 million Jews dead holocaust figure , this man has fooled the Muslims worldwide. AIYOOOO AIYOOOO !

Jew Lenin used Rothschild’s strategy -- THE BEST WAY TO CONTROL THE OPPOSITION IS TO LEAD THEM YOURSELF.

TODAY WE HAVE LOT OF SUCH PEOPLE WHO ARE LEADING INDIA WITH A SOLE AIM TO DETROY INDIA. MOST OF THEM HAVE NO LOYALTY TO THE WATAN.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/razakers-of-mim-operation-polo-to-annex.html

Sometimes when money does NOT work, they are blackmailed.    A jew named Hermann Kallenbach who was manoevered by Rothschild to share a room with Gandhi ( after kicking out Kasturba ) knew EVERY SINGLE DARK SECRET OF GANDHI.

 Joseph Lelyveld ( a Zionist and Pulitzer prize winner ) wrote a yellow decoy book “Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle With India”—alluding to sordid homosexual sexual activity between two men.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html

Pakistanis know today that Qadri never criticized USA / Israel for their high handedness in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Sudan , Egypt Palestine and other countries.  What is the fault of millions of women and children who died except the fact that belonged to Islam faith ?

Qadri gives the world the impression that only he can stop muslim youth from terrorism. Can Qadri tell who created , funded and armed ISIS ?  He can ask Putin if he does NOT know.

UK English Star Daily Newspaper reported that Joel Hayward was the mentor of pilots who led military bombardment assault on Libya to topple Muammar Gaddafi and destroy Libya.

Crypto Jew John Louis Esposito wrote "Foreword" for Dr. Qadri's book 'Fatwa on Terrorism, John L. Esposito.   This man subverted Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainsim at the College of the Holy Cross, a JESUIT college in Massachusetts. The founder Jesuit Saint Ignatious Loyola was a Jew.
  
Qadri fooled Pakistanis with his dreams -.

Qadri REVEALED that he was destined to die at the age of 32 years.  Prophet Mohammad PBUH  appeared to him in his dream and requested Jibreel  to go and request Allah  to extend his life for another 31 years, which was approved by Allah .

BAAAAP RE !

https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=32&v=S-72s47awdc

https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=69&v=2dQ8q7vDEZI

https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=11&v=QVJWIDO-Wmw



Jewess Ayn Rand’s real name was  Alice Rosenbaum.

The Phil Donahue show sponsored by Tavistock was the first TV PERCEPTION MOULDING BY SHOCK show format that included audience participation.

Oprah Winfrey said "if it weren't for Phil Donahue, there never would have been an Oprah Show!
Today we have programmed like BIGG BOSS where a  deviant  weirdo displays his wares ,and the world is fooled to cheer this misfit , --  he is taught how to make the world conform to him.

Gay weirdo Imam Siddique was the runner up of BIGG BOSS 6.  He was thrown at us again on MTV “Timeout with Imam “


The Zionist Jews want the world  to see from their homosexual perspective— they tomtom that people want moral ambiguity



Lesbians come of reality show and allude that no woman is fulfilled by being wives and mothers. Women want choice, they want freedom to have sex with whom they want.  That was why the pill was invented , so that the women can have sex without condom and and fool the man .

Why sacrifice for love when you can be selfish? Why change baby’s stinking napkins . Why teach children and assist them in their homework?   



By creating EMINENT people who are worthy to advise u on prime time TV ( like Khusboo, Kavita Krishnan, Nandita Das etc ) the Zionist Jews  are waging a relentless diabolical war on us, and we don't realize it. 



Jerry Springer was a politician cultivated by the NEW WORLD ORDER.

A typical episode of Springer Show begins with Jerry Springer then enters the stage by sliding down a stripper pole, being greeted by a standing audience pumping the air with their right hand, chanting "Jer-ry!, Jer-ry!". He is a hero, right?



Pretty soon you will find two people fighting with each other hurling abuse, showing their bare bottoms, flashing their breasts and more often than not both start a physical brawl throwing chairs , that is eventually broken up by burly on-set security personnel. 




Often guests will be given a cup of water after fighting, ostensibly to "cool off," but inevitably, the guests toss the water at each other, thus resuming the altercation.


There was a sinister Tavistock agenda.





The Jerry Springer Show released  DVDs marketed as Too Hot for TV. They contained uncensored nudity, mindless profanity, and violence that was edited out from broadcast to conform to FCC standards for broadcast decency. 



The releases sold remarkably well—and these “stage managed “ DVDs did maximum damage. 




Eventually, the show started producing similar "uncensored" monthly pay-per-view/video on demand specials as well.




The Zionist run NEW WORLD ORDER pushes the limits of what is acceptable, and thus make the unacceptable acceptable—so that you ignore your conscience.

The Mary Tyler Moore show taught young women to go on the pill and have extramarital sex.

The daughter of singer Billy Ray Cyrus , Miley Cyrus  was declared "Artist of the Year" by MTV.   

Miley Cyrus was chosen by TIME magazine as one of their finalists for Person of the Year in November 2013. 



She actively promoted gay marriages. In her show she allows people to put their fingers into her twat .



In her song MY HEART BEATS FOR LOVE she alludes that homosexual lust is love.



FAKE LAUGHTER  FOR TASTELESS JOKES -- THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LACK CLASS -  ALL  NOUVEAU RICHE - BACKCHOD MEANS "ANAL HUMP"  




Decadence has been injected into India by Zionist NWO –

CHECK OUT ANAL SEX BY A NEWS ANCHOR KARAN THAPAR AND PRON TOON SAVITA BHABHI – A HINDU MARRIED WOMAN WHO SCREWS EVERYBOY IN HER HORIZON

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html

CHECK OUT DECADENCE BY ZIONIST MULTINATIONAL COMPANY ADVERTISEMENTS

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/the-best-and-worst-commercial.html

WHY DOES FTII STUDENTS WANT DEAN GAJENDRA SINGH OUT ?  THEY WANT DEANS LIKE SUGAR DADDY.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/stop-this-big-boss-5-nonsense-porn-star.html

Below: Check out the video from 1.57 , Barkha Dutt asks for a show of hands -- they select the studio audience based on Twitter homosexual leanings . The BENAMI media is trained how to "manufacture public opinion" and showcase it.   The BENAMI media hates everybody in BJP except Arun Jaitley. 





abhishek prasannan
September 23, 2015 at 9:55 AM
Capt,

Who is Junipero Serra? This person is going to be canonized next week by the Pope


###########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 23, 2015 at 3:30 PM
hi ap,

Today, on September 23, at a mass in Washington, DC, Pope Francis is scheduled to canonize Blessed Junípero Serra (1713-84), the Franciscan founder of the Spanish missions in California. 

Maybe PM Modi will praise Serra too. I await this faalthu praise so that he can wrangle a nobel prize.

Serra was beautified by Pope Paul II-son of a Polish Jewess.

What have we learnt in our history books?

Few white man BRAVE AND STRONG went to native American countries and defeated all of them in fair battle –the natives were savaged—used to human sacrifice etc.

This is all a WHITE LIE.

White missionaries who already has small pox ( and were immune ) were chosen to distribute SMALL POX INFESTED BLANKETS to the unsuspecting natives .

Junípero Serra Ferrer was just one of these EVIL padres whose field of duty area was west coast of America.

Today you find the same thing happening in mineral and rare earths rich Africa.

Lab cultures viruses are let loose by missionaries. Then white doctors come to save them. 

Most of these doctors have degrees in the science of minerals . They know which soil samples to take home ( hid underneath bloody culture tissues )

The Pope authorized Junípero Serra Ferrer to be the official Vatican Inquisitor—with a proper decree in writing - he could exercise his will anywhere as he chose to take life. 

This man reveled in inflicting pain on others as well as himself—HE WAS THE DEVIL INSIDE A MAN.

By 1767, King Carlos III of Spain found out that Jesuits were actually JEWS and he started killing them.

Our current Pope Francis is a JESUIT.

The CRYPTO JEW JESUITS FRANCIS XAVIER/ IGNATIOUS LOYOA did the Inquisition in Goa to give Catholic Vatican a bad name.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

Junípero Serra Ferrer converted more than 110,000 Native Americans to Christianity— NOT by sops—but by brutal methods.

SERRA is equivalent to GANDHI in the areas where he inflicted pain . Almost all streets , markers have SERRA SERRA on it. I have seen the entire west coast of America and Mexico over 40 years.

Such is the power of Zionist Christian historians

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/christopher-columbus-father-of-american.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/fransisco-pizarro-hernan-cortez.html

By 1910, after a century and a half of missions, gold rushes and reservations, there were only 14500 California Indians left in a nation of millions, having diverse cultures and languages –most of them HINDUS and vegetarian.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/maya-inca-aztec-civilizations-decoded.html

SERRA and COLUMBUS were the first mass murderers—basically ethnic cleansers by extreme EVIL .

Serra is now used in language for SERRATED SAW –because this MAD JEW friar sawed away limbs of natives in his sadistic moods. Crypto Jew Serra’s maternal side were Abraham Jews, on her father’s side, Isaac Jews.

Serra wore coarse clothing with iron hooks that ripped his apart his own flesh. He burned his chest with candles and hot coal. For years he beat his chest with heavy rocks—and the natives were terrified.

ONLY A DEVIL JESUIT WILL CANONISE ANOTHER DEVIL JESUIT .. THE QUINTESSENTIAL GRIM REAPER.

IS THE CHRISTIAN WHITE MAN WITHOUT A SOUL ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..




Suraj Singh
October 5, 2015 at 2:11 PM
Capt ajit sir do you believe that intelligent and technologically advanced life exists somewhere else in the universe? and do you think that the reports of alien abduction cases are true? Please give ur own opinion

ReplyDelete
Replies
#########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
October 5, 2015 at 2:35 PM
hi ss,

in the west majority of the people feel that ALIENS TRIED TO ABDUCT them.

they are NOT lying.

when you eat too much processed foods your brain sees apparitions during sleep--

most of them go to mental doctors-- who themselves have undergone the same thing--yet they sink their hooks-it is good money -

this happens due to improper transitions to REM ( rapid eye movement sleep ) .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/sleep-paralysis-and-sinister-presence.html

THE FASTER THE WEST KNOWS OF THE POST ABOVE THE BETTER-- THE ONLY CURE FROM ABOVE IS TO GO ORGANIC AND VEGAN-- THEN GO TO SOME MOUNTAIN RESORT FOR 21 DAYS.

Avoid UGLINESS is life—

do NOT let someone hang a francis newton souza painting in your bedroom.

Your sub-conscious rejects it.  

Only DEEPLY UNHAPPY PEOPLE buy such ugly art.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/09/francis-newton-souza-birth-painting.html

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
GARUDA, THE VIMANA OF VISHNU AND GARUDA PURANA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THIS IS A PRETTY LONG COMMENT WHICH WILL NOT FIT INTO A COMMENTS COLUMN WINDOW.

ALSO I NEED TO SWING BACK FROM EXTREME NEGATIVITY.

THE PREVIOUS POST ON TAVISTOCK IS STILL INCOMPLETE.



######################

Vikhyat Singh
September 9, 2015 at 9:44 AM

http://www.chakranews.com/hindus-to-build-giant-120-meters-statue-of-lord-vishnu-in-bali/5048

CAPT
What you think of 'distinguished hindu statesman' Rajan Zed? Does he offer anything original?

ReplyDelete




##########################

hi vs,

INDONESIA WAS ONCE 100% HINDU.

Phillipines and Japan was 100% Hindu-  in Philippines, the native word for eagle is galura. In Japanese  Garuda is called karura

WESTERN TOURISTS FLOCK TO BALI -- AS INDIA AND BALI ARE THE LAST TWO POCKETS OF SPIRITUALITY ON THIS PLANET.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/hinduism-in-bali-turn-of-tide-and-hindu.html

Vishnu's vimana garuda is indonesia's national symbol.  The Indonesian national airline is Garuda Indonesia.   Indonesian Armed Forces United Nations peacekeeping missions is known as Pasukan Garuda or Garuda Contingent.   Airlangga University,  the oldest university in Indonesia uses Garuda on its emblem. 

In Bali, we can find the tallest Garuda statue of 18 metres tall made from tons of copper and brass. The statue is located in Garuda Wisnu Kencana complex.

But we in india have the symbol of a FAKE king Asoka ,created and back dated by Rothschild, owner of the British East India Company ..


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

Yesterday i head BENAMI media darling Arun Jaitley praising Gandhi to the skies on DD TV channel.    

Benami media hates everybody in BJP except Arun Jaitley . .we know why !  How many of you know Arun Jaitley's foreign contacts along with George Fernandes , before the emergency-- how Jewish Coke / Pepsi trusted this man to represent them legally ?  In 35 years of BJP membership Arun Jaitley never won any election.   Modi backed the wrong horses in Amritsar for Lok Sabha elections and in Delhi ( Magsaysay award winner ) for Delhi assembly elections.  If you see his Wikipedia page Arun Jaitley caused everybody to win elections due to his sheer personal brilliance--BAAKI SUBKO PAASSS KARWAAYA , KHUD FAIL HO GAYA .  He is a lawyer , made out to be a great economist by Rothschild economists . I wish I could have a LIVE nationally broadcasted debate (on prime time TV ) on economics with this man .




Yes, he is the same man who ran to London to inaugurate the Gandhi statue and told on NDTV that homosexuality is good for India..

Getting back --

Vishnu's garuda was so huge that it could blot out the sun--as written in our scriptures  .

When hindus do SARPA VIVARANA PUJA we chant garuda vidya mantra .

Garudopanishad is one of our 108 upanishads.



In the Bhagavad-Gita (Ch.10, Verse 30), in the middle of the battlefield Kurukshetra, 6000 years ago, Krishna boosts the moral of Arjuna , and while explaining his omnipresence, says - " as son of Vinata, I am in the form of Garuda ".

Below: The Saffron flag on top of the chariot of Vishnu avatar Krishna is of GARUDA ( Vishnu's vahana ) .  


Rothschild, his FAKE mutts and his stooges converted Garuda to Hanuman . 

Sorry, Hanuman does NOT belong here. 



Field marshal Drona uses a military formation named after Garuda. Krishna carries the image of Garuda on his chariot banner.

Mahabharata expalins - Garuda is invoked as a symbol of impetuous violent force, of speed, and of martial prowess. Powerful warriors advancing rapidly on doomed foes are likened to Garuda swooping down on a serpent Defeated warriors are like snakes beaten down by Garuda



Garuda wears the serpent Adisesha on his left wrist and the serpent Gulika on his right wrist. The serpent Vasuki forms his sacred thread. The cobra Takshaka forms his belt on his hip. The snake Karkotaka is worn as his necklace. The snakes Padma and Mahapadma are his ear rings. The snake Shankachuda adorns his divine hair. 

He is flanked by his two wives ‘Rudra’ and ‘Sukeerthi’ or (Sukirthi).

Statues of Garuda flanked with his consorts 'Rudra' and 'Sukirthi' can be seen in ancient Kerala temples . You can see it in Karnataka at the Soumya Keshava temple in Bindiganavile (Mayura puri).

Sanatan dharma has woven cosmic allegories in purana characters.

Garuda is the Sankarshna form of the lord who during creation primarily possesses the knowledge aspect of the lord (among Vasudeva, Sankarshana, Pradyumna and Aniruddha forms).

The important point is that Garuda represents the five vayus within us : prana, vyana, udana, samana, brahmana through his five forms Satya, Suparna, Garuda, Tarkshya, Vihageshwara.

These five vayus through yoga can be controlled through Pranayama which can lead to Kundalini awakening leading to higher levels of consciousness.

Garuda's wings when flying humms the Vedas.



In Mahabharata - Garuda first burst forth from his egg, he appeared as a raging inferno equal to the cosmic conflagration that consumes the world at the end of every age. Frightened, the gods begged him for mercy. Garuda, hearing their plea, reduced himself in size and energy.

Genghis Khan was a descendant of KARNA . In Mongolia, the Garuda is called Khan Garuda or Khangarid. Before and after each round of Mongolian wrestling, wrestlers perform the Garuda ritual.

Genghis Khan used Gaurda as his war symbol.—a symbol of courage and honesty.  Genghis Khan never invaded India though India was the richest land on the planet.   
The same symbol Khangarid  is used by a soccer team in the Mongolia Premier League.

Now APCO Modi wanst to screw Mongolia by giving GUJARAT'S MILK REVOLUTION  of A1 TOXIC milk HUMPLESS cows. Such is the gratitude of APCO Modi.

Garuda's Chinese name is Great Peng, the Golden-Winged Illumination King .  The Chinese know their ancient Hindu history.

Garuda is the national emblem of Thailand .  Garuda used is the sign of the Thai royal family is called Khrut Pha, meaning "Garuda, the vehicle (of Vishnu)."

India uses Garuda as PRO-ACTIVE SWOOP AND STRIKE military symbols - to symbolise courage and honour .



Garud Commando Force is a Special Forces unit of the Indian Air Force, specializing in operations deep behind enemy lines.

The Brigade of the Guards of the Indian Army uses the Garud as their symbol.

In both Kerala the state road transport uses Garuda as the name for Volvo buses.

The Garuda Purana is one of the Vishnu Puranas. It is in the form of a dialog between Vishnu and Garuda, the King of Birds. The second section of this Purana deals with issues connected with death, particularly funeral rites and the metaphysics of reincarnation. Portions of the Garuda Purana are used by  Hindus as funeral liturgy

GARUDA PURANA IS POISON INJECTED BY ROTHSCHILD TO CREATE AND BACK DATE HELL CONCEPT IN HINDUISM.  

SORRY IN HINDUISM THERE IS NO HELL .





Check out the FAKE hell and the FAKE punishments of Hindu hell created by Rothschild and tom tommed by his stooges  BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar.   It is at the end of the post below with JUICY MASALA pictures.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/king-vali-and-queen-tara-of-ramayana.html



The Garuda Purana starts with the details of the afterlife.  

Following this is an account of funeral procedures, including rituals, the astrological timing of the post-death observances, and ritual gifts.   There are amazing details of  correspondences between the macrocosmos and the microcosmos of the human body.   The SHRADH we do for our dead ancestors , has mantras from Garuda Purana.

The final part of Garuda Purana is an appeal to self-knowledge as the key to liberation, going beyond austerities and study of the texts. "The fool, not knowing that the truth is seated in himself, is bewildered by the Shastras,--a foolish goatherd, with the young goat under his arm, peers into the well."


Garuda Purana is one of those Ashtaadasa Maha-Puranas composed by Sage Sri Vedavyaasa. It is called Garuda Purana because, it was garuda the divine king of birds who first heard it from Lord Vishnu which was in the form of a dialogue between the two.  

Later, Garuda recited the same to Sage Kashyapa that percolated down the line. It contains about 19000 slokas and classified as Saattvika Purana. Others in the list are Sri Vishnu Purana, Sri Narada Purana, Sri Padma Purana, Sri Varaha Purana, and Srimad Bhagavatha Purana




Vedavyaasa has played a significant role in the field of vedic and spiritual literature; whose works have become guiding principles of Hindu religion, philosophy and culture.  

Vyasa compiled 18 great puranas called Ashtadasa Maha Puranas; a great treasure gifted to the mankind.   He compiled these puranas to draw the attention of the reader or its listener towards the ultimate goal of Dharma and the Supreme Being Lord Vishnu.. 




Maharishi Vedavyaasa composed these puranas for the sake of those who have no access to Vedas to enlighten them on the spiritual path.   

All our Puranas have been POISON INJECTED by the white invader.




Garuda Purana deals with the incarnations of Lord Vishnu, geographical description and origin of the universe,  creation of the cosmos , procreation of life forms ; genealogy of gods;  accounts of maharishi sages and great virtuous kings;  Space / Time elements, scalar forces  etc



Garuda Purana  talks about  Shodasa Samskaras,  Varnaasrama Dharma, kinds of austerities, methods of grateful worship; Praayaschitta (atoning for sins);  power of mantras,  study of diamonds and navaratnas,  characteristics of salagrama ; the planets ,  astrology related topics like electional astrology; Saamudrika Saasthra, predictions based on physical traits the science of Physiognomy; Vaasthu Saastra , prominent places of Pilgrimage and sacred river confluences ( NOW PLANNED TO BE OBLITERATED BY RIVER INTERLINKING USING ISRAEL ,  AND MINDLESS DAM CONSTRUCTION IN “UPPER “ PARTS REPEAT “UPPER PARTS NEAR SOURCE “ OF RIVERS  ) ; various types of charities and their significance; herbal medicine; poison antidotes etc..

Uniqueness of Garuda Purana lies in the fact that it is the only sacred text that talks about the life after death, the journey of the soul, death and its aftermath, rebirth or reincarnation.  Even the modern science could not break the mystery of death and after; whereas, Garuda Purana has spelled out these realities ages before. 

Among the Shodasa Samskaaras prescribed in Hindu Dharma for a human being, last one called Anthyeshti samskara or Apara Karma is related to matters pertaining to funeral rites and other ceremonies.b This Apara Karma is exclusively and exhaustively covered in Garuda Purana.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/pitru-paksha-shraadh-pitru-tharpanam.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html


Garuda Purana enumerates Laws of Karma; Fruits of Karma (action)  Moksha (Salvation); detailed description of the Funeral rites to be performed; its procedure including the rituals; followed by the ceremonies starting from death till the completion of one year including Sapindikarana Sraaddha; Asoucha Nirnaya; Sraaddha Vidhi; significance of Kusa Grass (Dharbha); Sesame seeds (Thila); Lavana Daana;  significance of Pinda daana; Gaya Sraaddha etc.

In Kerala Hindu families, do paarayana (reading) of Garuda Purana whenever there is a death in the family till the completion of 13th day ceremony; called Vaikunta Samaraadhana. Great merits (punya) is acquired from reading or listening to Sri Garuda Purana during that time.

One who listens to Garuda Purana on the occasion of his Parents death, such parents would attain better re-incarnation and will be blessed with good progeny.

All our Puranas have been POISON INJECTED by the white invader.

He is an example of poison injected by the FAKE mutts of Rothschild 

QUOTE: By listening to Garuda Purana, a Brahmin will be bestowed with Vidya; a Kshatriya with Land; a Vysya with wealth and a Sudra will get refined. UNQUOTE

the entire epic of Garuda Purana is in the form of glorious dialogue between Lord  Vishnu and his  mount Lord Garuda- SO, SO , SO  ABOVE NONSENSE WAS WHAT WAS DISCUSSED , RIGHT ?

BRRRRAAAAAYYYYYYYYY !!

TEE HEEEEEEE !

It wont work !

Hindusim has never discriminated on caste –as it never existed.





People who have Lords, Barons, Earls, Dukes , Counts, Viscount , Marquis and such ridiculous peers should NOT point fingers at India. The over dressed Catholic clergy is formed like military ranks. 

Hindu brahmins were poor , they did NOT own land, they were banned from a life of comfort .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/untouchables-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

In the story of Mahabali, Vishnu avatar  Vamana clears the spout of pitcher with a grass blade of darbha.   Maharishi Shukracharya had entered the pitcher to block the water from falling down to ritually seal the deal – and became blind in one eye .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-kerala-does-not-celebrate-diwali-or.html

The FAKE Kanchi mutt always did propaganda that Kerala people were Tamilians till a few centuries ago before.  Wonder why only Malayalis celebrate Onam, since thousands of years .




Garuda Purana says that Kusha grass ( dharbha ) used in Shradd ceremonies came from Vishnus’s hair. 

Garuda Purana acts as a speed breaker for a person who is driving his life rashly. It can be treated as a caution for wrongdoers and acts as a direction to avoid committing sins. 

It was never about PUNISHMENTS AWAITING A HINDU IN HELL – as hell concept does NOT exist in Hinduism.



After death you soul is parked on one of the 7 etheral layers of the cosmos which relate to the 7 human chakras .  







Souls who get Moksha merge into the cosmos and they do NOT have to await re-induction .  
     


The FAKE Kanchi mutt says man can be re-born as an animals if Karma is bad. 







Sorry, once you have become human , you do NOT go back to animal life. 




All souls were born on the same MICRO SECOND with the big bang, with the starts, your great grandfather and your great grand son was born at the same instant.










The Garuda Yupam pole at Yagam areas are NOT to tie a sacrificial cow or animal or horse. 


All over India, GARUDA pillar were converted to Emperor Asoka Buddhist pillars by Rothschild and his Buddhist stooges.  FAKE and backdated creation of Rothschild Asoka converted from BAAAAAD Hindsuim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism.

But he forgot to destroy certain inscriptions despite knocking down the Garuda on top of the pillar..
Heliodors,son of Dion,  a Greek Ambassador to India was a white skinned and blonde Hindu. He erected a GARUDA pillar at Besnagar.

Greek Heliodors  starts with Vishnu’s incantation, ‘Devadevasa Vasudevas’.  

He carved an verse from Mahabharata ta, “Trini amutapadani‹[su] anuthitani nayamti svaga damo chago apramado” that can be translated as “Three immortal precepts (footsteps), when practiced lead to heaven: self-restraint, charity, consciousness”.





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

Below: Greek coins of Krishna and Balarama 





It is used to hoist the flag of Garuda.




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html




The world is wondering  why the PERCENTAGE of divorce , homosexuality , crime , rape , violence etc are the lowest on the planet ( never mind the BENAMI media propaganda )  .  

Today they know HOPE is irrigated by  gratitude.  

Hinduism offers HOPE .  

Hindusim has never converted by SOPS and SWORD. 

It is a faith so unique, that it gives space for every other religion. 

What happened to all the Hindus and temples in Kashmir, Pakistan and Bangladesh?

KIDHAR GAYA BHAIYYA ?

Maybe MANI SHANGARAN AIYERAN can answer- ( the MOST hated man in India , ahead of Robert Vadra , who will lose his deposit wherever he stands for election ).

SHANGARAN Paaji , bhaad mein bah gaya kya ?



You don’t have to live in India to be a Hindu. 

You could be a Catholic living in England, as long as you have a conscience, live in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties, do not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know the universal laws and your “duties”.. 

A Hindu gets cremated. He does NOT allow his dead cadaver to poison the underground water aquifers.

The story of India is the history of religion. The more you know, the more you will fall in love with India and Hinduism .


THE SOIL AND WATER OF INDIA IS HOLY  


EVERYTHING WHICH GROWS ON IT IS GOLDEN AND HOLY.



Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual.

The exodus has already started.




THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO HINDUISM - the only religion without superstition. .
******************************************************************************
SANATANA DHARMA , HINDUISM EXHUMED AND RESURRECTED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




GLORIOUS SANATANA DHARMA ( HINDUISM ) HAS BEEN MURDERED AND BURIED BY THE WHITE INVADER TO MAKE THE HINDUS SELF LOATHING AND TO "DIVIDE AND RULE".

ALMOST EVERYTHING YOU READ IN HINDUISM TODAY IS POISON INJECTED AND A LIE  .

Let me give a simple example .

We all know about Bhishma , the great grandsire of Mahabharata war (4000 BC ). He had the boon of Ichcha mritya - this means , he decides when he will die.

In the thick of war, it was clear to Krishna that Arjuna would die at the hands of Bhishma , the grandfather of both camps Pandavas and Kauravas..  

Bhishma was an unparalleled warrior and even Parashurama could NOT defeat him in a fight of several days.

Bhishma was known as the complete  Guru.   He had the stature of kings and was THE most respected man, as the upholder of Dharma , on the entire battle field of Kurushketra.

Do not get carried away by stories about Shikandi , the transgender and Arjuna cowering behind him on the 10th day, to kill Bhishma by deceit ( Bhishma would never raise his hand against a woman ).

Krishna felt Arjuna was getting awed  again, with such a worthy foe in front of him.

At that time Krishna engaged Bhishma in conversation about his Dharma .

Krishna stopped the kala chakra ( the wheel of time ) , which caused arrows to be frozen in mid flight, and took his almighty form , to show Bhishma who he really is. 



As soon as Bhishma saw this Vishwaroopam of Vishnu,  he just laid down his arms and Arjuna teras streaming from his eyes, peppered Bhishma with arrows.




But what do we Hindus know?





What we know is that Krishna ( with a mistress Radha ) uprooted a chariot wheel and rushed towards Bhishma in impotent rage ----

-- causing Arjuna to beg him NOT to break the rules of war as a charioteer,  and that he was ready to fight Bhishma.



EVERY PROFOUND THING IN SANATANA DHARMA HAS BEEN CONVERTED INTO THE PETTY AND MUNDANE BY THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER USING THEIR FAKE MUTTS AND INDIAN STOOGES   ..

After the Saraswati river dried up in 4000BC due to a tectonic shift blocking the river mouth, Vishnu avatar Parashurama came down to Kerala with Namboodiris teachers in tow holding 4 Vedas, 108 Upanishads and 18 Puranas. 

Namboodiris were basically professors from Kerala , proficient in Sanskrit and subjects like astronomy, math, ayurveda , meditation, yoga, etc. - and they just came home bag and baggage.

Parashurama grabbed all fertile lands in Kerala and handed it to these Namboodiris . He also started thousands of “medicinal herb environmental reserves “ dubbed as King cobra snake groves. .  

The King Cobra has excellent memory, is intelligent , has learning abilities, is benevolent and it eats only snakes.  They can be made to keep guard and some were used in temple vaults holding treasures. The doors of these vaults would be marked with a rearing cobra image

Westernn snake experts have pitted the King Cobra against the fast , deadly and vicious Black Mamba and the rate of victory for the King Cobra is 100%  -- based on pure intelligent strategy.  In Kerala if a King Cobra is killed accidentally, it is cremated with ghee.

Today 95% of ancient Ayurveda herbs have disappeared as the white invader called it superstition and destroyed 70% of the snake groves.. 

Till hundred years ago Kerala had 30,000 snake groves. 

After Independence successive atheist communist . Muslim league , Christian govts has destroyed almost all snake groves leaving only very few behind .

Below: King Cobra from Kerala- it can eyeball you at your height !



Only the eldest namboodiri son could own land and marry and procreate Namboodiri heirs. 

The whole idea was to preserve the Ayurveda herb bank and prevent SUBDIVISION AND FRAGMENTATION of fertile lands ( which is the No 1 problem in India today ).

When Kerala brahmin Namboodiris got the land they got the power, which other Brahmins in India did NOT enjoy.  Every ancient Panchatantra story started with a poor Brahmin-NOT a rich and powerful brahmin.  

From 4000 BC to 2000 BC, the Kerala namboodiris became slothful , sexually decadent and terribly arrogant .

The priceless treasures of Sanatana Dharma got silted and covered up.

 In 2000 BC a great soul ( namboodiri clan  ) was born with 12 strand NIL junk DNA which the ancient Maharishis had.   He had an astounding grasping power / memory  and mastered the Vedas as a young boy .

Mind you, these Maharishis penned down the Vedas after nearly 25 millenniums on the oral route in 5000 BC.  They knew Kaliyug would degrade human DNA  making it impossible to commit humongous amount of verses into human memory.

Adi Shankaracharya being a miracle boy wonder was known all over the Hindu world.

As soon as he became a bit mature and had the largesse of the king, he distributed all the Vedic literature to the 4 corners of India- NOT to run down his own brethren , but to save the Vedas and the Upanishads from further decay .   

Writing down the Vedas meant nothing.  

Vedas had to be recited by sound, as the magic lay in the sound.  There is NO need to understand the meaning of mantras .  

Sanatana Sharma is based on sound.

The powerful Namboodiris got wild as even the southern Veda was given away to Sringeri (Karnataka ) . 

They had their vengeance  when Adi Shankaracharya’s mother died. They boycotted the cremation rites.  After this sad event Adi Shankaracharya never came back to Kerala.  He shed his mortal coil at Kedanath temple.

Each of the original 4 mutts was assigned one Veda each under a Kerala Namboodiri shankaracharya.  Adi Shankaracharyas word was law, such was the respect he held as he had the 4 Vedas , 108 upanishads and 18 Puranas committed to memory. .

The remaining Hindu mutts in India ( hundreds of them ) were created by the white invader and backdated with a fake acharya lineage— these fake mutts assisted the white invader in denigrating Hinduism ,and ill treating dalits to make the Hindu self loathing.

The 4 mutts are Jyothir Mutt at Badrinath in northern India with Atharva Veda; Sarada Mutt at Sringeri in southern India with Yajur Veda; Govardhan Mutt at Jaganath Puri in eastern India with Rig Veda and Kalika Mutt at Dwarka in western India with Sama Veda.

NOW I WILL GIVE THE ESSENSE OF HINDUSIM.   

SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA GOT MOKSHA 4000 YEARS AGO,  NOBODY ON THIS PLANET HAS UNDERSTOOD SANATAN DHARMA.

ADI SHANKARACHARYAs  EFFORTS KEPT HINDUSIM GOING TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA.

NOW HINDUISM IS MURDERED AND BURIED - IT HAS TO BE EXHUMED.

THIS POST WILL EXHUME  AND RESURRECT  SANATANA DHARMA .  

AFTER THAT IT WILL LAST TILL BRAHMA BREATHES IN AGAIN AND THE SUN GOES SUPERNOVA.

Hindus will now know the brilliance of Sanatana Dharma, by this blog post .

Such brilliance has never been seen in the history of mankind.  And it is so simple that even a 9 year old child can understand.


READY ?



There are three templates for Sanatan Dharma.

LET ME TALK ABOUT  ADVAITA VEDANTA , THE BASE TEMPLATE .

Vedanta refers to our supreme creator as brahmAn.  This is a morphogenetic consciousness field of energy which cannot be picked up by the five human senses .  

 Islam has lifted Allah concept from here-and they leave it at that .  Sanatana Dharma goes further into two more additional mindboggling templates – the reason why none of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. 

BrahmAn is THE fundamental entity from which everything else has been created .

'Om Isha vasyam idam sarvam, yat kincha jagatyam jagat'

"All this- whatever exists in this changing universe, is pervaded by consciousness"--Isa Upanishad




BrahmAn pervades the smallest atom ( Microcosm ) to the vast cosmos (macrocosm).

The microcosm would be is the empty space in an atom which is 99.99999% of the atom, in which the electrons whiz around the nucleus.  The macrocosm extends to the vast ocean of Akasha ( ether ) of the universe.   


Akasha, macro the morphogenetic consciousness field , as per Vedanta is the source of everything that exists, and in which the memory of the cosmos is encoded. 

This empty space called brahmAn has astounding power and can boil off this planet’s oceans in seconds.

The power of the nucleus was used in the Hiroshima bomb- and the world no longer ridiculed 
Hinduism, where the power of the brahmAn was written 7000 years ago.  Vedanta has recorded  that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy




Every Western scientist of those days HASTENED to write in their  wills that he wants to be cremated .




Consciousness ( Brahman ) is the only element in creation that knows itself.

"Prajnānam brahma”--   Brahman knows everything.

Advaita proclaims that the truth which is BrahmAn is the only reality

Maharishi Kashyapa is also known as Kanada Muni.  He called the atom Anu.   He wrote that there are 108 such Anus.  

Hinduism has 108 Upanishads for each Anu.   108 is the numerical equivalent of OM .

Modern science today seconds it, as Dimitri Mendeleyyev’s Period table shows 108 elements till Hassium.  The rest are too short lived to be really classified as an element.

An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force.  The conscious intelligent field lies in the empty space in between the electrons

The field of brahmAn ( God ) has limitless power and is the e key to everything:  creation and transmutation . 

This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit.  Electrons can enter/ exit  or raise /lower orbits without taking time creating a new element.

The brahmAn (morphogenetic field) is the reason why a partially formed biological structure (the 'morphogentic germ") gets attached to the morphogentic field of a species, which then guides the growth of the rest of the form.   


NOW WE GO TO TEMPLATE  NUMBER TWO CALLED DVAITA VEDANTA.


Check out the brilliance.

Inherent in the BrahmAn ( the morphogenetic consciousness field ) is the TRINITY of Hindu Gods  BRAHMA/ VISHNU/ SHIVA as  CREATOR / MEDIATOR/ DESTROYER – each a sub force field ..also known as TAMAS / SATTVA / RAJAS .

Tamas and Rajas are opposing fields like positive and negative while Sattva is neutral.    This is represented by the Trident ( trishul ) of  Lord Shiva, where the centre prong SATTVA is the midpoint of duality,  between TAMAS and RAJAS .

In Dvaita Hinduism opposite poles Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Tamas creates Rajas, and Rajas activates/ excites Tamas.

7000 year old Vedas say that the only constant in the cosmos is change, everything is in a state of flux, nothing is static-- everything is vibratory.  This is what guarantees growth and evolution. 

This is NOT like Darwin’s mindless evolution from man to monkey.

This dance of opposite forces concept was lifted and termed as Yin Yang , by the Chinese after this concept was introduced there by Bodhi Dharma .

It is a cosmic spiraling dance of  separate opposing forces, which sustains this universe. No life is possible on earth without this subtle tension .   What has a front has a back-- what has a beginning has an end.

Brahma / Vishnu / Shiva work in tandem and perfect harmony—amazing cosmic allegories personalized as Hindu Gods.   

One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant .  No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite.  They consume each other yet support each other.

Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.

You must ponder over each waxing-waning cycle to appreciate the absolute truth . They keep each other in check, yet provide fuel to feed off each other.

The white invader cooked up cock and bull stories,  how the three trinity gods held competitions to see who is stronger ?  This white lie is now sunk forever – never to resurface . Let the Shaivites and Vaishnavites wedges apart by the FAKE mutts of the white invader ( divide and rule ) know this truth today.

They have their female consort wives Saraswati/ Laxmi/ Parvati without which they are powerless –I will come to that later in TEMPLATE NO 3.

Yang elements are clear and obvious while Yin elements are subtle or hidden behind the quantum screen..

It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly . 

If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost by the mediator ( Vishnu ) , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This is why Lord Vishnu is called the PRESERVER god.  

As for the opposing forces TAMAS/ RAJAS ( Brahma/ Shiva ) it really does NOT matter as who is who, like in AC electricity-where you can plug into the socket both ways.

This principle of Dvaita Hinduism -- Tamas Rajas , which are rooted together , is present in every phenomenon on earth.  Vedanta has recorded  7000 years ago, that energy transforms from one to another—it can neither be created or destroyed.

These two opposing forces are natural and transform each other , in perfect harmony.  Harmony can never be stagnant .  Lessening of Tamas always results in increase of Rajas and vice versa.

Balance can never be permanent— Tamas and Rajas continiously devour each other – and life flows on.



Few examples of this eternal cycle of inter dependant reversal and immediate exchange are:--

Particle/ anti particle
Wave/ photon
Black hole/ quasar
Day/night
Conscious/ subconscious
Winter/ summer
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Man/ woman
Catabolism/ anabolism
Pressure/ Vacuum
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Evaporation/ condensation
Creation/ destruction
Oxidation/ antioxidation
Attraction/ repulsion
Gather / disperse
Excitation/ inhibition
Absorbsion/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Coagulation/ anticoagulation
Acid/ base
Electron balance/ counterbalance
Positive pole/ negative
Magnetic North/ south
Counterclockwise vortex/ clockwise
Sleep/ wake
Freezing/ melting
Vaporisation/ condensation
Ionisation/ deionisation
Energy/ matter
Proton/ electron
Birth/ decay
Cathode/ anode
Static/ Dynamic
Closed/ Open
Organic / Inorganic
Gravity / Antigravity
Deliberate/ Spontaneous
Devas/ Asuras
Pull / Push

Tamas influences Rajas not only from inside but also from outside.. they are rooted together.  Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles.  

Ancient Vedic Indian rishis in 9000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.  So either Tamas or Rajas is visible – never both.

Together the TRINITY  - THE SECOND TEMPLATE express the supreme BRAHMAN  - THE BASE TEMPLATE at absolute peace with itself.

This universe cannot exist without vibrations between two poles. To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years.

The Devas Asuras doing pull and push is represented by Samudra manthan, where mount Meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit  ( Ambrosia ) in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations- by 54 Asuras and 54 Devas making the number divine Hindu number 108.

I will come to this later.

In the divine geometry  Sri Yantra triple intersections are at 54 points—but 108 is the divine number in Sanatana Dharma.

The male TRINITY gods have the female TRINITY goddesses too in a supporting role. Quite often you see the Adhineshwara form of Shiva in temples where one side is male and the other side is female . Shiva is NOT a transgender as the petty minded white invader made it out to be.   Such profound concepts are beyond their small minds.

The TRINITY male gods with their TRINTY female gods make up the number 108 related to Sri Yantra –the geometry of OM.

 Jews have lifted OM and made it SHALOM, Christians made it AMEN, Muslims made it 786 ( whow OM symbol in mirror and read if from right to left )

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

 The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas.

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon..

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diameter of earth 12798 kms

NOW LET ME COME TO SANKYA VEDANTA –TEMPLATE NUMBER THREE.

This is about the male and female joint TEAM effort.    This is NOT a dance of opposites.

In Hindusim we call the MALE- purusha and FEMALE- pragati.

Sometimes for purposes of the Kundalini raise MALE is SHIVA and FEMALE is Shakti ( Parvati ).

4000 years ago Adi Shankaracharya wrote –
Shivah Shakthyaa Yuktho Yadi Bhavathi Shakthaha Prabhavithum
Na Chedevam Devo Na Khalu Kushalaha Sphandithumapi

Translation Verse No 1 : Shiva becomes capable of creating the Universe, only when united with Shakthi , but otherwise , He is incapable of even a stir.



In the Tantric cosmology, the whole universe is perceived as being created, penetrated and sustained by two fundamental forces, which are permanently in a perfect, indestructible UNION. These forces or universal aspects are called Shiva and Shakti. 

In Hinduism we have placed the female on a pedestal . No man can do a yagam if he is a bachelor or a widower.




Tantra is NOT perverted sex as made out to be by the white invader .


Shiva and Shakti are one and the same.
There is no place that He is not.
There is no place that She is not.
They are one and the same.
She is in every thing.
She is in every word.
She is all there is.
See Her in all things.
Hear Her in all sounds.
Know Her in all thoughts.
Feel Her in all feelings.
She is all there is.
She is the one in the three worlds.
Shiva and Shakti are one and the same.
That is the secret.

Each of the trinity gods are powerless without their consorts.

Tantric art has captured the images of the Purusha and his consort, Pragati, in ecstatic union.  This is NOT perverted sex.

Purusha and Pragati is expressed as Shiva and Shakti in the same body 50:50 – this is NOT a she boy or a transgender .  It is a mindboggling,  intelligent concept.




Purusha is the embodiment of pure consciousness, and Pragati as the embodiment of pure energy. 

Both Shiva and Shakti are Consciousness---- Shiva is the changeless static aspect of Consciousness, and Shakti is the kinetic, active aspect of the same Consciousness.

Through uniting with Purusha , Pragati gave form to his spirit and created the universe.(we are talking about CREATION OF THE COSMOS here- not street side sex  as figured out by small minds)

When the insentient Prakriti comes in contact with the sentient Purusha , the universe evolves. 

Purusha symbolizes consciousness, the masculine principle. Pragati symbolizes the feminine principle, the activating energy.  Sometimes at home I wonder how myself and my wife are like this concept.


The cosmos in all its manifestations, as an act of love.  The relationship between say- Shakti and Shiva is the dance of consciousness and energy experienced within each of us, regardless of gender.

Shiva resides in the highest Sahasrāra Chakra and Shakti in the lowest Mūlādhāra Chakra. When Prakriti and Purusha unite in the Sahasrāra Chakra ( raising of Kundalini ) , knowledge, knower and the object of knowledge become one.  

Sankhya thus is a theory of evolution and understanding the universe. Prakriti cannot be perceived, not because of its non-existence, but because of its subtlety. It is perceived in its effects.

The eternal and indestructible union between Shiva and Shakti gives birth to the whole Macrocosm, in its stable, static aspect as well as in its dynamic one. Not only is Shakti responsible for creation, it is also the agent of all change

Shakti is manifested by Shiva only during creation and is withdrawn into himself at the end of creation. This is for the perceptive.

Modern science repeats from our Vedas that matter and energy are interchangeable.  So does consciousness and energy .  In the highest planes they are interchangeable, which is why we see a great incongruence between our spiritual experiences and the external reality. 

In the higher metaphysical realms and subtle planes of our consciousness the physical laws of our universe lose their validity.


Tayor yad yamalam rupam sa samghatta iti smrtah---
Ananda-saktih saivokta yato visvam visrjyati,
Na Sivah Saktirahito na Saktih Sivavarjita.  ---(Tantraloka-Ahnika, 3.)

"The coupled form of these two (Shiva-Shakti) is called junction.  That is called the blissful Shakti from which creation arises. 




There is no Shiva without Shakti, nor Shakti without Shiva."

Samkhya as you can see was a masterpiece of modeling the ways of the inner universe.

The union of Shakti with Shiva by Kundalini rise  is the liberation of seeker from the cycle of endless birth and death.




Now check out the MINDLESS NONSENSE written in Wikipedia –


BASE TEMPLATE- ADVAITA

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advaita_Vedanta


TEMPLATE NUMBER TWO – DVAITA

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvaita


TEMPLATE NO 3 – SANKHYA

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samkhya



AS YOU CAN SEE , IT IS THE WORK OF MAD MEN—NOT FOOLS.





ADAM and EVE story is just lifted from our sanskrit upanishads -  this story is the basis of the Abrahamic religions Judaism/ Christianity / Islam.

All three religions draw upon this STOLEN story from MUNDAKA upanishad III, 1, 1-3 ( Genesis of the Old Testament )..




This story and speaks of the tree of knowledge and God's commandment that its fruit shall not be eaten. Adam at first did not eat it but Eve did. After that Adam too ate the forbidden fruit.

The upanishad ORIGINAL story is about two birds sitting on a peepal tree.




the birds are PURUSHA (atman )and PRAKRITI ( jiva )-- with purusha being the witness.



HEY PRESTO--

ATMAN becomes ADAM




JIVA becomes EVE ( j is silent in most areas ) --people call me AIT ( ayit ) instead of AJIT.

the FIG which eve ate is the fruit of the peepal tree ( FICUS ) -- the true botanical name today is FICUS RELIGIOSA -- TEE HEEEEE !




The old testament NEVER spoke of apple ( from a fig tree ) !

This story is also in Rig Veda (RV 1-164-20) penned down in 5000 BC




The Bible says Eve was created from Adam’s rib.

--again lifted from vedas.( ardhanaishawara concept of shiva )

Koran is NOT far behind in LIFTING the fig concept-- the male equivament of the pipal trees is our national tree Banyan tree (Ficus benghalensis) there is a sura in Quran named "The Fig" or At-Tin (سوره تین).


The Jivatman alone eats the fruit of karma- the Paramatman is a mere witness


Why has Hinduism survived after 800 years of onslaught by foreign invaders ?

Why have CRORES of Buddhists converted by Rothschild’s stooge BR Ambedkar come back within the folds of Hinduism? 

If the dalits were ill-treated and is being ill-treated as per FALSE PROPAGANDA of Rothschild’s historians , then why don’t they go away ?

What is the magic in Hinduism, that endless poison injections into our scriptures by jealous foreigners and their stooges in India could NOT kill this great religion or way of life ?

Why have the indentured coolies strewn around the planet not converted to other religions ?

It has to do with the human soul.

The soul knows what it needs to heal the vehicle it is in.   

Sanatana Dharma makes even the most insignificant person feel that he is NOT a drop in the ocean, but the ocean is a drop within him.

Sanatana Dharma steeped in spirituality gave abundant HOPE . 

Fear capitulates to hope every single time.

Hindus are the happiest people on this planet and they need very little material comforts.  Much more with much less - a paradox . .

Hindus live in happy homes where mutual respect and trust is abundant.

This is what HOPE does.

The greatest disease afflicting he modern man is fear and jealousy.

Hinduism liberates you from both.

No other religion offers HOPE the way Sanatana Dharma does.  Hope beats the daylights out of FEAR every time .  

Every single thing you want is on the other side of fear.


Fear is NEVER real, it is just a creation of your own mind.  Does a baby fear a king cobra ?



Fear is inflicted by your upon self and it starves  your life .  Hinduism feeds your HOPE so that you can starve your FEAR to death.  Fear causes you to even stop trusting your well wishers .

This is the reason why the percentage (%) of divorces, and crime of least among Hindus on this planet. Sanatana Dharma teaches us the value of gratitude. Every Sanskrit Mantra and verse has gratitude woven into it.

Hindus have never ever attacked any other nation in the past.  Hinduism does NOT preach cowardice, as you can read in Bhagawad Gita. .

Today when a Hindu REACTS to a grave assault he is called a terrorist by the Judas media. Sorry, Hindus have woken up.  

When China invades we will NOT give them love instead of bullets and we wont be caught ghumaoing the charkha any more..

A man who does NOT fear dies only once. Freedom has to be re-defined the Hindu way as the TOTAL ABSENCE OF FEAR. 

Such a man is NOT afraid of his own shadows.  The brilliant light of Hindusim makes sure there can be no shadows.

 HOPE gives you the ability to face uncertainty of the future with aplomb.

Hindusim uses fear to wake you up and NOT to shut you down. Faith in the supreme creator is paramount . 

A Hindu is NOT an atheist.  

He faces fear head long and does NOT need to take a detour, such is his faith in Karma and Destiny. When you take a detour it is just a shortcut to more fear.

Life is played out in a valley of quicksand between two wide apart mountain ranges of fear and desire. Sanatana Dharma reduces the distance ( you are NO longer hostages to fear/ desire ) and makes the playground of life firm.

A Hindus by sheer reason of faith is not hijacked by fear or desire. Desire is the fountainhead of jealousy. Jealous people stew in their own toxic juices.

This is the reason why Hindus are the happiest people on this planet.  

Below: The Hindu does NOT have the need to rush out of a temple after Friday prayers and start killing people.



India is a holy land—and we do NOT need to do propaganda like Jerusalem.

Hinduism was developed along spiritual lines, NOT religious lines— this way of spiritual life gave HOPE , the reason why 800 years of slavery could NOT snuff out this amazing way of life..

Hindusim is NOT a religion, it is the practise of spirituality by elevating human consciousness in the personal quest for truth.   

India and Bali are the last pockets of spirituality on this planet.  Why do you think the spirituality seeking white man goes to these places in droves? Do you find them going anywhere else ?

These foreigners can comprehend that Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith -- unless the faith is an extension of reason.

Hindusim is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme the brahmAn.

In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action ( Dharma ).

Can the worst enemy of Hinduism  imagine an Inquisition in Hindusim ?  Hindus have never proactively started violence. 

Today a Hindu will REACT with courage if violence is imposed on him.  Courage is mastery of fear, NOT absence of fear.   Bhagwad Gita teaches up that courage is a biggest  virtue after honour and character .

We have been brainwashed by Judas Indianstooges of the white invader to believe that Ahimsa is the greatest virtue-so that the invader can rule by trampling over all Indians. 

Bhagawad Gita does NOT agree with this. We all have a duty to the motherland –our WATAN.



Ahimsa ( non-violence ) even vegetarianism , is a characteristic of Hinduism—due to which vile foreign invaders took advantage.. 

And we were brainwashed by stooges of the white invader ( to ghumao charkha)   who sat of the driver’s seat of Indian Independence only to make the right noises but to always steer away.

What the waitress calls SAFFRON TERROR -- is just the hindus making a free choice NOT to be cowards anymore and giving back as good as they got.

Today when a patient and tolerant Hindu gets outraged and decides to retaliate, out of honour , rivers of blood flows on the streets .

Hinduism can never dream of all this for openness and inclusivity is the essence of Hinduism.

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.  Hinduism has a total lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.

The diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations of Vedanta are mindboggling.

Loaded truth is delivered or revealed from a divine source and enters the world through a single messiah agent who imposes single holy books.

These truths are then recorded in scriptures that serve as a source of knowledge of divine wisdom: the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament of the Christian Bible, and the Koran. In the Hindu tradition, by utter contrast, there is no single revelation.

The Hindu spirituality tradition , unlike other religions -- has always concerned itself with the “human” situation rather than the “our religion “ situation.

Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual-and NOT what is being told as gospel in a holy book .

Ask the Jews—they will say India is the only place where they never got persecuted over thousands of years—they always ran here for refuge.

The reason ?

This country had denizens steeped in spirituality — NOT religious bigots. Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed.

Yet today foreign funded Indian TV calls all Hindus bigots – what a joke !.

I AM LUCKY TO BE BORN IN INDIA— HAVING SEEN WHAT THE REST OF THIS PLANET HAS TO OFFER FOR 40 YEARS .!  Nobody who runs down India and Hinduism has my unique experience.

Bhagwad Gita has never taught a Hindu to be a coward and ghumao charkha when the white invader is robbing Bharatmata blind. 





Hinduism teaches us to live life with courage , honour and hope.  




Hope according to Sanatana Dharma is not a mere dream, but a template for making your dreams become a reality.


Hindus believe that the Supreme creator knows what he is doing. This is a catalyst for inner happiness and peace.  Hindu homes have peace and harmony.

Right till the age of 16 when I left Calicut to joinig my training ship in Mumbai, every single day of my life ( I can remember only after the age of 3 ) we id Sandhyavandanam.  In the evening the lamp would be lit and we have to see it facing east. Then myself and my two sisters would sit around the lamp reciting japas.  

The lamp held by my mother at the door step at dusk twilight was the sign for me to stop playing and rush back home. 



It was about gratitude and hope. 

When a mother puts faith and hope in her children she raises kids with good values in a negative world. 

Hope made us get up and dust ourselves when we came crashing down. Sanatana Dharma taught us to flit like a butterfly from hope to hope.



Japa or Prayer has great powers.  

This is NO superstition.


The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention. Our intentions create our reality. 




As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.

You have NOT been shell shocked by the video below, you have NOT understood it.

Hindus were the first to pray on this planet.




Sanatana Dharma is the eternal fountainhead of Hope . Hope can feel the intangible and keeps your heart stout –so that it wont despair. 



As long as hope exists joy in life cannot be eliminated. Have you seen any other festival on this planet as rip roaring as Hindu festivals?





Hope gives us the power to step out and try ,  and we feels god’s unseen benevolence.    

The white  invader came to India and robbed Bharatmata blind, and converted India from the richest to the poorest in 250 years flat. Today we are poised to be this planet’s No 1 super power in less than 20 years .

Our faith in the supreme god gave us hope.  We worked hard. We have NOT looked back with regret . We looked forward with hope.

We do NOT need to steal , rather we wont.

Love without hope will NOT survive—the Hindu home is a cornucopia of love and moral values.

The hope given to us by Sanatana Dharma anchors our soul.  Gratitude and hope are woven into Hinduism.






Hindus hope and strive to eventually leave the endless cycle of birth and death by lessening the Karmic baggage.  

The Vedas gave us the belief that NATURAL JUSTICE of god will finally prevail with perfect timing.  This is why a poor beggar on the streets does NOT attack someone at night. 

God gave us life, we Hindus trust him with it.


Unlike other religions , Hindusim has never attempted to create  guilt in you. 

Other religions have put you in awe of death. For a Hindu death is like changing  a pair of Jeans and discarding it into the laundry basket

Our faith causes us NOT to chase happiness, rather- allow it to alight in our souls like the quintessential butterfly.  The greatest wealth given to a Hindu by his religion is joy and  contentment with little. This is why Hindus are the happiest people on this planet. 

The blatant display of status symbols  is the result of low self esteem and jealousy. Real richness consists of a singing heart. The self confident spiritual person can afford to project a modest image.

Sanatana Dharma has taught us that the purpose of life is not only to be happy, but also to be creative , productive and useful—to make a difference that you lived at all on this planet.  

There is no experience better for the heart than to reach down and lift people- unlike John Galt hedonism and selfishness.

Gratification of the soul is termed happiness by our 7000 year old Upanishads .  It is about equilibrium or dynamic balance between our SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER.   

Such a balanced human has an ageless face, he is light hearted and he is able to see life as a joyful adventure .  Such a BALANCE delivers freedom from worry, compulsive thinking , negativity and clinging – the unique ability to say NO to EVIL , and pull the plug.  

He will NOT attempt to teach a donkey to sing.  If you are balanced you will use pain solely as a feedback tool. You live life proactively and NOT by reacting or staring at the rear view mirror of life.  A man of awareness never reacts and so is unpredictable.

You derive hope even in defeat – yet another paradox . You have faith in your abilities. This cleanses your heart of negativity and jealousy and fills it with hope, gratitude and compassion..  

It gives you the ability to see your own assets with pride and to see the positive in daily life situation and NOT to short sell yourself in this modern dog eat dog world.. He can make most of the best and least of the worst.

This delivers zest and enthusiasm in life to give life full blooded shots - and a ability to move on in life after grieving.  They know that everything in life is NOT fair due to the Karmic baggage. Life is a festival only to those who live with enthusiasm. 

A prayer is to the soul what air is to the lungs.

People you see around you , addicted to emotional drama, hysteria , envy and cynicism are UNBALANCED people who are NOT on the spiritual path.  

Such people are addicted to sweating the small stuff, they derive faalthu happiness in anothers deep unhappiness- they allow small disputes injure great friendships. They mar their present by their inability to make peace with the past and thus is on the path of self destruction . 

The past is shit in the septic tank—the current is food on the table. Confusing this does him no good. He is unable to forget useless things and hence his mind is one big dustbin.

He is fearful of the unknown future. He is the first to jump into the bandwagon and bow to precedent. Small genuine criticism can erode his confidence. 

He is unable to live within his means and seams as he needs to keep up with the Joneses . Only people with inferiority complex wants to impress others. He has the pathological need to go around copying others signatures.

He becomes the type who starts digging a well when he is thirsty .

SANATANA DHARMA TEACHES YOU TO HOW TO UNCOVER THE HAPPINESS HIDDEN IN EVERY MOMENT.   6000 YEAR OLD BHAGAWAD GITA TEACHES – “BE IN THE MOMENT”.

Sanatana Dharma the oldest religion on this planet -- is a just way of managing life.  Man is the only living creature who can control or change his life.  

Hinduism teaches that life is a combination or physical, intellectual and spiritual aspects. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.  

Faith hope and trust are the seeds which bring the sweet fruits of success.  With elevated consciousness you develop wisdom is discriminating between right and wrong






The video above shows the prayer we recited every single day in our school morning assembly. 

It is a 7000 year old verse from Brihadãranyaka Upanishad-- when the rest of the world were doing GRUNT GRUNT for language .

Sarve Bhavantu Sukhinaha
Sarve Santu Niramayah
Sarve Bhadrani Pashyantu
Mas Kaschid Dhuka Bhag Bhavet.

"Oh Lord, may all [entire mankind] be happy; may all be healthy; may all experience prosperity; may none (in the world) suffer. May peace, peace, peace be unto us and all the beings of the world." Brihadãranyaka Upanishad



Asato Ma Sadgamaya.
Tamaso Ma Jyotir gamaya.
Mrityorma Amritam gamaya.
Om Shanti Shanti Shantihi.

 Lead us from Unreal to the Real,
 Lead us from the Darkness to the Light,
 Lead us from the Fear of Death to the Knowledge of Immortality.
 OM- Peace, Peace, Peace.

Referring to the above JAPA (prayer ), Arthur Schopenhauer said, "I know of no more beautiful prayer than that of the Hindus...”


Yamas and Niyamas  of Sanatana Dharma - Moral and Ethical Ideals of Hindus
1. Ahimsã (non-injury)            Don't harm others by word, deed or thought.
2. Satya (truthfulness)    Refrain from lying and betraying trust/ promises.
3. Asteya (nonstealing)           Don't steal, covet or enter into debt.
4. Brahmachãrya (controlling sex)      Observe celibacy when single, and fidelity in marriage.
5. Kshamã (forgiveness)         Restrain from intolerance and ill will.
6. Dhriti (firmness)      Overcome fear, indecision, and fickleness.
7. Dayã (compassion)   Conquer callous and insensitive feelings.
8. Ãrjava (honesty)     Renounce fraud, cheating and stealing.
9. Mitãhãra      Refrain from overeating and consuming meat.
10. Shaucha (purity)    Observe purity of the body, mind and intellect.
11. Hrî (remorse)         Be modest and show remorse for misconduct.
12. Santosha (contentment)     Don't be a slave to the senses.  Be grateful ,seek  serenity in Self.
13. Dãna (tithing)   Give generously without thought of reward. .
14. Ãstikya (faith)       Have unwavering faith and hope in God's grace.
15. Pûjana (worship)   Perform daily worship and meditation.
16. Shravana (hearing of scriptures)     Study scriptures, listen to the teachings of the wise.
17. Mati (cognition)    Sharpen the intellect with guru's guidance.
18. Vrata (sacred vows)          Observe scriptural injunctions faithfully.
19. Japa (prayer)       Chant prayers and sacred mantras daily.
20. Tapas (austerity)     Perform sãdhana (spiritual discipline) .


WHAT IS DHARMA? 

आहार-निद्रा-भय-मैथुनं च समानमेतत्पशुभिर्नराणाम् ।
धर्मो हि तेषामधिको विशेषो धर्मेण हीनाः पशुभिः समानाः ॥


āhāra-nidrā-bhaya-maithunaṁ ca,  sāmānyam etat paśubhir narāṇām
dharmo hi teṣām adhiko viśeṣo,  dharmeṇa hīnāḥ paśubhiḥ samānāḥ


food, sleep, fear and mating, these acts of humans are similar to animals' |
of them (humans), dharma (right conduct) is the only special thing,  without dharma humans are also animals ||



Without dharma to guide  as a moral compass, man is no better than an animal.  Eating, sleeping, sex, and survival  —these four principles are common to both human beings and animals.

The distinction between human life and animal life is that a man can think and has a conscious free will, which an animal does not.  Animal has only survival instincts. 

Sanatana Dharma aims to elevate man from the animal platform to the human platform.


We have become conscious humans after taking rebirths through all species of life.   

Once you become human there is NO going back.   

Before becoming human we are conscious animals who can see themselves in the mirror and see colours.   There are only a handful of conscious mammals on this planet . .

These mammals can see in color and pass the mirror test – rest cannot.

An elephant we see in temples, or a dolphin or a bonobo ( and some ape species too ) is on line to be a human in his next birth – they pass the mirror and colour test..


There is NO evolution and there is NO missing link between man and monkey, the way Charles Darwin wrote, to debunk the creator supreme god.



6000 years ago, when Arjuna shot an arrow into the eye of a revolving fish overhead by looking at its unsteady reflection in a shimmering pool of water below, it was an ULTIMATE TEST OF SKILL AND CONSCIOUSNESS.





Small minds without perception cannot understand Hinduism leave alone preach it. 





Below: Super genius Nikola Tesla converted to Hinduism after a meeting with Swami Vivekananda . Albert Einstein's intellect is NOT even the dirt under the finger nail of Tesla.




Every year thousands of white tourists come to Thrissur in Kerala for Trissur Pooram festival , to elevate their consciousness  in an OCEAN OF CONSCIOUSNESS .


    

Some of them just come to see more than 50 caparisoned elephants.   



Here you get to hear the electrifying Kerala traditional music and drums played out by more than 250 artistes .  Every cell in your body is resonated by  thumping cymatic energy .



Conscious man  is the only animal who makes bargains (or can laugh or tell the moral of a narrated story) .  Can you imagine a cat making a conditional bargain—if I help you out of this mess , you must give me the head of your dinner fish?

Thoughts arise out of consciousness .   

The next revolution must be to destroy evil on this planet and it must be a REVOLUTION OF CONSCIOUSNESS using the internet as the medium -Capt Ajit Vadakayil .

This will be the next evolutionary step for mankind as we have got out of the Kali yuga on 21st Dec 2012.     

Bhagawad Gita has taught us "We are the creators of our reality and we must forge the hinges of destiny on our terms" ( not the terms of BIG BROTHER and his stooges ). 

Beggars must NO longer be able to dress up as Kings and Gurus.  




If there is NO evolution Charles Darwin style— they how did life come on earth.

IT CAME FROM A DIVINE PHALLUS  WHICH GAVE THE SEED – CALLED SHIVA LINGAM –  A BLACK METEORITE STONE CONTAINING DNA.

FOR AGES THE WHITE MAN AND OTHER RELIGIONS MADE FUN OF HINDUS FOR WORSHIPPING A BLACK PENIS.  TODAY A HINDU HAS THE LAST LAUGH.

In Aug 2011, NASA finally said that life came on planet earth from a black meteorite shower .  This dissolution and creation of the cosmos takes place at regular intervals.

The black Shiva Lingam stones rained on earth from a binary star named MARTHANDA in our Vedas

In the Vedas written in 5000 BC, Marthanda is the physically deformed cast away son of Aditi.-the  mother of all mothers.    

Aditi cast away her 8th son Marthanda as he was mis shapen---- Rig Veda Mandala10- Sukta-72(10-72).


It is actually a huge energized mass of rock which revolves round the sun every 12800 years and at perigee causes lot of disturbances on planet earth.



In the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC , Aditi is mentioned more than 80 times. Aditi is devamatri (mother of the gods) as from and in her cosmic matrix all the heavenly bodies were born.



She is the celestial virgin and mother of every existing form – the womb in Akasha the feminine part of BrahmAn – the morphogenetic consciousness field.



Here is a Marthanda temple at Kashmir, destroyed by Muslim invaders. This grand temple is 3100 years old, and existed before Alexander the Great came to India.



It took Sikandar Butshikan, the most cruel murderer King in world history , the second Sultan of the Swati Afghan Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir 1389–1413 CE , 13 long months to destroy this strong granite temple. Latitude .

33°44′44″N Longitude 75°13′13″E --check out on Google earth map.





The DNA containing black meteorite stone is  called SAGALA , ( meaning “everything” –all DNA building blocks ) in Sanskrit, and in my own language Malayalam, from which the black , heavier than iron, SHIVA LINGAMS scattered first into river Narmada and then all over the Indian subcontinent and certain parts of the planet.




HERE IS A NASA RELEASE ON 8TH AUG 2011.

http://www.nasa.gov/home/hqnews/2011/aug/HQ_11-263_Meteorites_DNA.html

AND ANOTHER RELEASE  THE SAME DAY–

http://www.nasa.gov/topics/solarsystem/features/dna-meteorites.html



The Life Giving Mahamritunjay Mantra

Gayatri Mantra is meant for spiritual guidance, the Mahamrityunjaya Mantra is meant for nurturance. 

The magic lies in longitudinal sound waves ,  in the sound- NOT the words.

"Om Trayambakam Yajaamahe Sugandhim Pushtivardhnam Urvvarukamiva Bandhanaan Mrityormuksheeya Maamrataat Om"-  Rigveda (RV 7.59.12) / Yajurveda (TS 1.8.6.i; VS 3.60) - 5000 BC


We Meditate on the Three-eyed reality
Which permeates and nourishes all like a fragrance.
May we be liberated from death for the sake of immortality,
Even as the cucumber is severed from bondage to the creeper.




If you punch in NASA DNA into Google search – what do you see on Page 1 as item 1 among 13.7 million posts ?    

Why is a stale 4 year old post of an unknown black skinned PAGAN blogger about SHIVA LINGAM still there ?   ( NASAs Aug 8th,   is India's Aug 9th ) 




Our DNA has remembered all the things that ever happened to human beings. 

Ever wondered how every male animal knows which female orifice to enter to procreate-  or how a new born kitten digs a hole in the ground before a crap.




A DNA molecule is more sophisticated than any supercomputer on earth, and is the blue print of life .

A divine language like Sanskrit originates from the DNA blueprint.  That is why ONLY  a mantra in Sanskrit can repair the warped DNA.  

Enemies of Hinduism have started employing temple Pujaris who do NOT know any Sanskrit mantra or to recite it properly.  

The white invader created and backdated Kanchi Mutt was the first to start off with Tamil Agama mantras.


Warped DNA causes pathological criminal behavior and even homosexuality. Genetic determinism is a flawed theory. 



If you unravel all the DNA from all cells of our body it would reach to the sun and back 150 times.
Self aligning DNA strands can be used as the thinnest fibre optic cables, that use photons instead of electrons.  

With water for memory instead of Silicon Chips and programming language Sanskrit it is possible to make conscious super computers computers which laugh for a narrated joke and tell the moral of a narrated story. DNA is a biological internet!  




Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , ( DNA ) as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures. 

The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy. 


Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a bio-hologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing physical form.

DNA can be influenced by longitudinal acoustic, and longitudinal SCALAR WAVES.

Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words, to DNA! 




The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from Akasha, the zero point field.  Our trillions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and traits.

Mobuis supercoil DNA can generate scalar waves. Negative emotions affect DNA signalling.  The bridge connecting the galactic resonances which rain down on our planet and brain frequencies reside in our DNA helix. 




32 years back when i got married, our horoscopes were matched.  DNA structure resonates thus quivering the individual cells. 



This is the principle of astrology , which is pure mathematics. 




When you meditate you tune your DNA to the subtle quantum level matrix. Energy transfer  to the molecular level powers your metabolic processes. Such is the power of intention - or prayer.

Emotions like anger and fear can “compress” DNA,  However, emotions like joy, gratitude and love unwind the the DNA, decompress it!

When properly activated by Sanskrit sound mantras combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bio energy blueprint.

There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field.

Every cell of your body contains the creative power of the universe. Every DNA has its own melody, as energy and matter is musical in nature.

Exposure to DNA wave information from living seeds encoded on radio waves can energize dead seeds killed by radioactivity.  

Secret double helix scalar wave antenna research is now on only for military purposes to destroy mankind.

We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident or Darwin type evolution can produce.  The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb. 

Consciousness is the  intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.


Kolam is seen adorning the doorsteps of every traditional Hindu home in southern India.  Millions of south Indian women get up before sunrise , clean the area in front of their main gate and then wash the place by sprinkling water.

Then they take a bath and draw intricate designs with rice powder.  




These created patterns have been passed on generation to generation, from mothers to daughters.  Today the modern women neglect to do this, as they do NOT know what this is all about.

Kolam is a visible sound mantra-- outside the human audio range.  Tantric Kolams are drawn , before Agnihotra fire rituals.

Are the Hindus stupid ?




Cymatics of audible mantras which were known to Vedic maharshis is now discerned by modern science. 

Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio of 1.618 sound harmonics (  Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) in digital mathematical and geometrical precision. There is a direct phonetic link between longitudinal wave sound and visual signs.




Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace. Mantras resonate your pineal gland .  Pineal glands of Vedic seers were the size of a lemon.   Ours in this 21st century is the size of dried raisin . 

Below:  51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for both the Egyptian  pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid.




Mantras reprogramme your DNA. 

The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves, faster than light.  

A mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it. Longitudinal sound wave is everything!!  Waves , particles are all sound of music.

You must know that the human audio band is very narrow, between 20 hz to 20, 000 hz.  Even the OM , the Hindu king mantra sound is inaudible as it is 7.83 hertz.

OM is the sound of the BUZZ of a million high volt transformers.  We utter a harmonic of OM , as only then we can hear it. 

Hinduism of 9000 BC, is older than other religions by thousand of years .  OM has been doctored by Christianity to be AMEN.   Judiasm  uses SHALOM.   Islam used 786, which is drawing OM symbol and showing it into a mirror.   None of these doctored versions work.

Even in the audible range, your powerful  sense of hearing can distinguish more than 300000 tones and 1300 pitches.   Next time you hear a sound of a person , even on the phone , visualize who it could be.

Matter is created from vibrations.

Sanskrit has a construct like geometry in cymatics and can be digitalised.  It can be adapted to Backus-Naur Form grammar that is used to describe modern computer programming languages today. The mathematical precision throughout the language and give it its extraordinary power .

There is a direct link between the sound and signs,it is phonetic. Sanskrit has no spelling, nor there are any silent letters . There is logic in its sound system, and a natural continuity in its word-making as well as sentence-making.

For mantras words must unfold from seed forms and there must be natural continuity is word making and sentence making.  Mantra sounds must have vibration and resonance.  Sanskrit mantras vibrate the DNA and pineal gland and raises human consciousness. 

Mantras must begin and end with OM or AUM . Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography—due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.

The Sri Yantra was revealed to Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands in 8000 BC, and it construction is based on the golden mean of 1.618.   

Italian Fibonacci’s series was stolen from the Arabic translations of the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Sri Yantra geometry contains the theory of everything.

OM resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.  OM is the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.  

Tantric Kolams are drawn , before Agnihotra fire rituals.  Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance. Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player. Feelings and thoughts would show the same type of duality as waves and particles. 

The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable. Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. 

With Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum physics, we are Creators of the Universe.

Fields of consciousness are called M fields –morpogenetic or brahmAn , the supreme force  as per Advaita Hindusm--just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.

In the Ramayana of 4300 BC, Rince Lakshman the brother of Sri Rama, draws a kolam line around Sita the wife and tell her that as long as she is inside the perimeter NO harm can come to her. 


OM opens up quantum tunneling for the wormholes to happen , where the speed of light is NOT the limiting factor.

The frequency of OM is 7.83 Hz ( frequency of planet earth )  , which in inaudible to the ear, as the human ear of a 2 strand DNA human being like you and me , cannot discern sounds of frequency less than 20 hertz.  We can hear only the harmonics.

The sound of the conch with its inherent 7.83 hertz can be heard by the ears ( in harmonics ) and well as the human heart .  The conch ( shankh ) , we find in every Hindus temple , is shaped by brahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.




The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch created by brahmAn ( Advaita Sanatana Dharma god)-- the morphogenetic consciousness field  is based on the Fibonacci series and golden mean. 




Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.



A mantra is a word or a series of Sanskrit words , which produce longitudinal Scalar waves by resonating your Pineal gland and your DNA—in a divine language.


Below:  The sound of the sea when you listen to the conch held to your ear is the sound of the Zero Point Field or Scalar Field or Brahman or OM.   In Hindu temples before and after a puja or arti the shank is blown.   Lord Shiva is also known as Shankara.



Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance.  Today many westerners attempt to chant Mantras- they must know how to recite it by listening to Indian experts.

Below : Check out Hein Braat-- his voice is rich , resonant and suitable for Sanskrit mantras , but his purity of utterance is POOR.      Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio of 1.618 sound harmonics (  Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) in digital mathematical and geometrical precision.  Waves , particles are all sound of music.  Your powerful king sense of hearing can distinguish more than 300000 tones and 1300 pitches. Matter is created from vibrations.



ॐ त्र्यम्बकम् यजामहे सुगन्धिम् पुष्टिवर्धनम् ।

उर्वारुकमिव बन्धनान् मृत्योर्मुक्षीय मामृतात् ।।

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two).   The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . . . .

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1: 1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.


The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields. They cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission

Kirlean cameras can detect the Scalar field.  Our human aura is a scalar field created by the spiraling chakras.



When you blow a conch your body must be erect, as per the spirit level in the inner ear cochlea, to balance right and left brain lobes.

The spiral in the inner ear also follows the Fibonacci series. Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAL.  Rest are all transverse.



Spirals which follow the Golden mean and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves.  Which means a conch can create scalar waves.

Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA.  Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. 



Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea.


All Beej mantras including King Mantra OM end with Anuswaram MMMM , which produces Nitric oxide the MAGIC molecule.  Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 38 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body. 

The Opiate drug Morphine , the addictive pain killer, works by an increase in Nitric Oxide release.  Nitroglycerin and Amyl Nitrite tablets serve as vasodilators because they are converted to Nitric Oxide in the body, to ease angina pain ( heart pain ). 

Viagra which gives old lecherous rich men a hard on , works due to its action on Nitric oxide.  


When the human body reaches the age of 27 years, the secretion of nitric oxide is at its peak. As you get  older and the production of nitric oxide in the human body declines gradually, more from age 42 onwards. It is a powerful vasodilator with a short half-life of a few seconds in the blood.

The vasodilatatory effect of Nitric Oxide plays a vital role in the development and maintenance of a penile erection.   Vasodilation of blood vessels results in more blood flowing in and hence erection. 

This is the biological basis of Sildenafil (Viagra), which works to inhibit the enzyme phosphodiesterase PDE5.  

Nitric oxide controls blood flow in our body.  It controls our vascular resistance , the blood pressure . When your body produces sufficient amounts of Nitric oxide, then your blood vessels are relaxed, and your blood pressure is low.   

Nitric oxide is part of the body's self-defense mechanism.  It can defend against bacteria.  It also defends against tumor cells. Nitric Oxide in higher concentrations can actually halt the growth of cells or can halt bacterial growth, so it's a defense against infection. Macrophages, certain cells of the immune system, produce Nitric oxide in order to kill invading bacteria.

It is a defense against tumor and cancer. It is a defense against hardening of the arteries too.  When people get old and have heart problems due to hardened arteries and angina pain, you can give Nitric oxide -  (nitroglycerin in a pill kept under the tongue ). 

Or you can improve the release of Nitric oxide from the blood vessels themselves and enhance the body's ability to make Nitric oxide, or for the matter, protect Nitric oxide from being broken down.

Nitric oxide - is our self-defense system against athrosclerosis.  The endothelial lining of the blood vessel is like Teflon.  It keeps things from sticking to the vessel wall.  The reason it has this property of Teflon is because it releases nitric oxide, so it's a non-sticky surface because it's releasing nitric oxide, which not only relaxes the blood vessel but also prevents things from sticking to the vessel.

Below:   Beej mantras are prefixed and appended to other mantras , creating complex mantras.  In tantra, these mantras have supernatural powers, and they are transmitted by a guru to a disciple as an initiation ritual.    Ham, Yam, Ram, Vam and Lam are the panch bhoota mantras.  The five elements evolve from the five tanamatras (principals); earth from gandha (smell), water from rasa (taste), fire from rupa (sight), air from sparsha (touch) and akasha from shabda (hearing).







The Bija mantras are one-syllable seed sounds that, when said aloud, activate the energy of the chakras in order to purify & balance the mind & body.

When you speak the bija mantras, you resonate with the energy of the associated chakra.--as mentioned in the  Jabala Darsana Upanishad in 5000 BC.




“LAM”-  Muladhara chakra 1 (root) 

“VAM”-  Swadisthana chakra 2 (sacral/navel) 

“RAM”- Manipura chakra 3 (solar plexus)

 “YAM”- Anahata chakra 4 (heart)

 “HAM”- Vishudha chakra 5 (throat) 

“OM”- Ajna chakra 6 (third eye/brow) 

“ALL AH”-  Sahasrara chakra 7 (crown)

 In Sanskrit the word ‘Sahasrara’, means thousand, so the Sahasrara Chakra is the ‘Lotus of the Thousand Petals’ .  The Sahasrara has 1,000 multi-colored petals, which are arranged in 20 layers, each layer with approximately 50 petals.

With 16 stotras is works out to 16000 .  

In Ayurveda the 16 channels are-


Pranavaha Srota – respiratory
Annavaha Srota – food
Ambuvaha Srota – water
Rasavaha Srota – lymph
Raktavaha Srota – blood
Mamsavaha – muscular
Medovaha – adipose
Asthivaha – skeletal
Majjavaha – nerves
Sukravaha – reproductive
Manovaha – the mind
Purishavaha – excretory
Mutravaha – urinary
Svedavaha – skin and sweat
Stanyavaha – lactation
Artavaha – menstruation



16000  is the number of virgins deflowered by Lord Krishna ( as per the immoral white invader ). 

The Bhagavata Purana and the Harivamsa (appendix of Mahabharata) state that 16,000 virgins were rescued by Krishna from Narakasura—he did NOT deflower them.

ALLAH is lifted from Sahasrara chakra beej mantra.

When the Kundalini is raised up to the Sahasrara Chakra, the illusion of the ‘individual self’ is dissolved. According to the scriptures, the Sahasrara Chakra is the seat of the self-luminous Self, the essence of being.   The sounds associated with this chakra are ALL and AH


Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words, to DNA!

Mantras were revealed to seers and ancient masters as sound energies in the latent state.   Sound has the ability to bring this place back into Oneness by changing its rate of vibration through sympathetic vibration - Resonance.  

Depending on the frequencies being used, sound vibratory resonance can facilitate accessing a state of understanding and knowing without the need for limits, fears and defenses.

Sound operates through the law of Resonance. Resonance eliminates the limitations of the "sender and receiver dynamic."   Resonance is where two become one, where minds join.

Resonance is, in itself, a state of awareness and experiential knowing far beyond concept and mental, cognitive thinking. On the vibration field-form-body-time level, resonance is the experiential state of Oneness.

Sound has the ability to affect whatever forms it comes into contact with by exposing that form to a different rate of frequency vibration.

The cells function and formulate according to a fluid resonance-movement. If you see a animated video of systemic resonance inside a cell ( below ), you will know what harmony is .

Below: We have 38 trillion cells in our body. Wanna know what happens in ONE of them. Poor Charles Darwin.







We are holistic beings: not a sum of our parts.  Each point within our hologram contains all of the information of the whole. The complete blueprint for our existence is contained and infinitely accessible in every one of our cells. 

Therefore, for any healing to be complete, it needs to take place at all levels – the body, the mind and the spirit.  The smallest particles known to man are vibrations.  Thoughts are vibrations.  Words are vibrations.  Sounds are vibrations.  Light is a vibration.  Our planet is a vibration.

Our entire universe and everything within it (seen and unseen) is a vibrating mass of atoms and subatomic particles. If the hydrogen bonding angles of one molecule are altered, those in the other molecules might be expected to follow suit (as in a domino effect).

Our positive beliefs and intentions act to enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy primarily produced by the MOBIUS COIL of the heart, vascular system and supercoil DNA.

The human body is mostly fluid .  Dr. Masaru Emoto’s work shows how sound structures the water into coherent geometric shapes:
  
In Ayurvedic healing and vedic spiritual traditions, specific mono syllable seed sounds -- beeja mantras were developed to create balance and harmony in the human body, mind and soul. 

Each and every part of our body functions at a specific rhythm and pulse and when all our systems are balanced and tuned with each other we experience perfect harmony and health. 

On the other hand, any imbalance in our body can lead to mental, physical or emotional dis-ease.   Sound therapy is a very effective way to heal and rejuvenate ourselves as every cell in our body is mainly composed of water which makes them excellent sound resonators—using primordial language of single syllable seed (beeja) mantras.

Sound vibrations are intimately connected to our “prana” or “life energy”.  Quantum Physics has seconded our Vedas and proved that our "universe" is being projected through thought-sound frequencies based on our perception.

Mind thinks in two ways. One is linear thinking and another is associative thinking. 

IQ is associated with linear thinking and EQ is associated with associative thinking.   Japa breaks both these circuits and allows the mind to be in state of rest and awareness.   It gives the mind wakeful rest.

When a mantra is chanted , it vibrates the brain matter and connects new neural circuits. This effect comes after repeating the mantra for a long period of time and bringing in the resonance effect in the brain.   For this the seers developed various methods.  

How much a mantra is to be chanted and how it is to be chanted etc.  were all given in the Mantra Shastra (Scripture of Mantras).   


Today the west knows that the ancient Indian Maharishis knew about DNA and chromosomes.  The Gotra system was started to classify communities.

The primary  Gotra are descents from ‘Saptarishi’, meaning 7 sages. The seven sages are Agastya, Angirasa, Atri, Kashyapa, Bhrigu, Vasistha, and Bharadwaja.  

. Gotras were further subdivided into ganas and sub ganas.

More than  250 Gotra chains have now been explicitly listed.   Hinduism haters   have  referred  to  'Gotra'  as  archaic,  unscientific, irrelevant and male chauvinistic!

The great seer Maharishis of India had created the Gotra system to ensure that inbreeding  (which destroys the physical and mental faculties of their descendants)  does not occur—basically bringing down the chances of congenital birth defects through an increase in the frequency of homozygotes. 

Who wants a retarded, homosexual or criminal child?99% of homosexuals  preys on small children.
We know the problems Jews , Parsis  etc are facing today.

But they do NOT know that this is the reason why the percentage of homosexuals are the least on this planet by percentage. Since the KHAPS enforce the gotra system the NEW WORLD ORDER has tried every trick in the book to get the khaps ( village elders ) declared as criminals. 

Wedding in similar Gotra is strictly prohibited by the Khaps – a system which is time tested for thousands of years.

 Modern DNA science have seconded what our ancient seers have written down in all their wisdom.  Modern  DNA  and genetic  research  has  confirmed  male  line  Y chromosomal transference. 'Gotra' in basically Y-chromosomal identity.

DNA geneticists used a scientific fact,  that most of the male Y-chromosome is passed intact from father to son.  Females do not carry the Y-chromosome.  This truth known 7000 years ago to our Vedic seers,  has been used to trace the paternal lineage

The Y chromosome is a piece of DNA with the genes that tell a baby to be a boy. It is passed from father to son. So, if you have a Y chromosome you know you got it from your dad, and you know he got it from his dad, all the way back in time.




Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome while women have two X chromosomes. DNA swapping happens between a pair of chromosomes, and since the Y chromosome doesn't have a pair, it can't swap DNA.  So patterns stick around for a long time, and this was known to our ancient 

Vedic seers and written down 7000 year ago.  Couples have lost their lives and have been ex-communicated for NOT disregarding gotra -- this is how sure the system is. We were the first to give surnames on the basis of the Y chromosome.  

Even now NADI SHASTRA is alive in certain parts of the country.





Manu-smriti states that Hindus should leave 7 generations from the fathers side and 5 generations from the mother side before fixing up a marriage—to preserve the integrity of the Y chromosome. 

You will NOT see too many colour blind people ( or homosexuals / transgenders )  in India, because of the Gotra system..


"Chathushshashtyaa Thanthraihi Sakalamathisandhaaya Bhuvanam
Sththithisthaththathsiddhiprasavaparathanthraihi Pashupathihi!
Punasthvannirbandhaadakhilapurushaarthaikaghatanaa
Swathanthram They Thanthram Kshithithalamavaatheetharadidam!"



"Shiva at first remained satisfied after giving to the world, the sixty-four tantras which expound practices conferring only one or another of the various psychic powers and worldly fulfillments. Afterwards, on Thy special insistence, He revealed this Thy own tantra to the world, independent of all the others and capable of conferring all the four aspirations of men-   dharma,  artha,  kama and moksha." ( Saundarya Lahari Verse 31 - Adi Shankaracharya 2000 BC )

The four puruṣārthas or objects of human pursuits in Hinduism are Dharma ( righteousness, moral values), Artha (prosperity, economic values), Kāma ( love, psychological values) and Mokṣa (liberation, spiritual values).

Both Artha and Kama have been poison injected the white invader to make Hinduis look like a evil HEDONIST religion.

Kama has been made out to be the pursuit of sexual pleasure and lust –while it is not. The Kamasutra by Vatsyana has been totally subverted to make it look like a sex manual.

Vatsayana was NOT a peeping tom in a whorehouse , but a noble Maharishi.


For introducing sexual perversion to India,  the Queen of England , knighted a rogue British East India Company employee, Richard Francis Burton two years after he translated the FAKE Kamasutra, injected with sexual perversion and immoral innuendo. 

This man did NOT even know Sanskrit.

Their main thrust of the white invader was to make the Hindu self loathing for easier conversions to Christianity.  They found out that the Hindu faith was so strong that even poor and vulnerable Hindus rejected sops.

Even today most of the white skinned Indophiles who pretend to be friends of the Hindu , are mostly double agents.


Let me tell this very clearly— Kamasutra was sritten by Maharishi Vatsa . His name is NOT Vatsyayana. 

Lord Krishna mentions Maharishi Vatsa in the Bhagavad Gita, 6000 years ago.   There is a GOTRA in Hinduism by the name of Vatsa.   Maharishi Vatsa’s father is Maharishi Kautsa . 

The book Kamasutra translated by Sir Richard Francis Burton is filled with stuff lifted from a sex manual written by Kalyana malla in the 15th or 16th century for Lad Khan, son of Ahmed Khan Lodi. 

What Maharishi Vatsa wrote was essentially  a GRIHASTA manual for a man to enjoy his life from the age of 25 to 50,  after passing the BRAHMACHARYA ( celibate ) stage up to age 25..  The main thrust was that there should be NO divorce and a couple should be compatible.

There is NIL pornographic perversion like homosexuality, oral sex, anal sex, cunniligus, sex with prostitutes/ transgenders , sex with many women, seducing other people’s wives , pre-marital sex, sexual pain torture etc

Burton lied when he said that he translated the Kamasutra or he knew NO Sanskrit at all.

He knew that his lie would be exhumed in due course and he gave instructions to his wife to burn everything the day he died—so there goes all our ancient Sanskrit texts in smoke.  

All we have is people like Jewess double agent Indophile Wendy Doniger vouching that she read copies of the original book by Maharishi Vatsa. 

The muffs went around saying that Susruta Samhita has treatment procedures for teeth marks on penis caused due to vigorous fellatio !  They even gave a Sanskrit name for fellatio. 

The muffs are talking about the father of surgery in 4200 BC — he was NOT a sex doctor.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/fathers-of-surgery-and-medicine-4200-bc.html

The lying muffs wrote about the liberal Hindu heritage ,where Kama Sutra, devotes a whole chapter to homosexual sex saying "it is to be engaged in and enjoyed for its own sake as one of the arts.".

The lying muffs wrote that the Kama Sutra clearly describes third-gender men assuming both masculine and feminine identities as well as both receptive and dominant sexual roles

Vatsa married Samvritha the daughter of Maharishi Utadhya. The name of Maharishi Vatsa appears in the Vedas as the commentator of Gautam sutra of Nyaya darshan .

Maharishi Vatsa was one of the descendants of Bhrigu Kul.   This noble and learned Maharishi is NOT gonna write about anal sex with trangender hijras, oral homosexual sex etc .


The immoral muffs , have equated the primacy of oral sex among those of the same sex with the importance of food consumption in the Vedas, Brahmanas ( sic !) , and Upanishads.  In the case of oral sex, the consumption of bodily fluids equates to the consumption of food.

The vulgar muffs write that a whole chapter in Kamasutra is devoted to seducing and getting away-- nay –melting away after fornicating with other men's wives.  Sorry, noble Maharshi Vatsa will never ever write such a immoral chapter.

Burtons FAKE book Kamasutra was penned by an Indian archaeologist, Bhagwanlal Indraji ( good in Sanskrit and Gujarati ) with the assistance of a two in one student, Shivaram Parshuram Bhide ( who has an MA in Sanskrit and English ) in 1885.   Burton's friend, the Indian civil servant Forster Fitzgerald Arbuthnot provided the logistic support.

Forster Fitzgerald Arbuthnot Arbuthnot's was the Collector for the Bombay government.  He was named after his grandfather, and Rothschild’s  man Field Marshal Sir John FitzGerald.  He collaborated with his close friend Sir Richard Burton in the translations of Kamasutra

In April 1998 former president Bill Clinton was handed a copy of the poison injected Kamasutra as he did a walk-about with Canadian Prime Minister Jean Cretien after the Summit of the Americas in Santiago, Chile. He deserves that book.

Below: This is the Ananda Ranga Version-- whose originals manuscripts were burnt by the wife of Richard Francis Burton along with the original Kama Sutra manuscripts.  Even hardcore sex maniac Clinton looks embarrassed for it contains dirty details of homosexual sex




Richard Francis Burton stayed in my hometown Calicut in the month of Sept 1847.  He came from Nilgiri hills to board a ship to Bombay from Calicut.   We know him well.

I want one billion Hindus of this world to know the truth of Sanatana Dharma .  According to Hinduism, sex is sacred only if it is marital. Hinduism absolutely prohibits premarital or extramarital sex.   

Any expression of sex in Hindu puranas and Itihasas are the expressions of genuine beauty to procreate out of love , and not pornography. 

Sex in Hinduism is a god given act  by which a married couple surrenders the ego, at the same time achieving satisfaction and progeny.

There was NO prostitution in India till the white invader came in. The immoral white invader created whorehouses for their white troops and made a devious whoring system by the name of DEVADASIS

.http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html

These verses from the 7000 year old Upanishads clearly indicate that, sex is a form of worship and also as an act of sacredness.

There is NO scope for perversion and homosexuality.

“This man (ama) am I; that woman (sâ), thou!
That woman, thou; this man am I!
I am the Sâman; thou, the Rig!
I am the heaven; thou, the earth!
Come, let us two together clasp!
Together let us fluids mix, 
A male, a son for to procure!”  (Brhad-Âranyaka Upanisad, 6.4.20—5000 BC)



Sanatana Dharma has given absolute freedom to the people.   There are no fatwas or fiats or whips .

There is NO single messiah or a single holy book. 

Our Dharma is our conscience , the program embedded in our DNA .

This is why you can be born in India , only if you are blessed.

Our ancient scriptures handed down over thousand of years and then penned down in 5000 BC, tell us--
“MAN, the period of whose life is one hundred years, should practise Dharma, Artha and Kama at different times and in such a manner that they may harmonize together and not clash in any way.  He should acquire learning in his childhood, in his youth and middle age he should attend to Artha and Kama, and in his old age he should perform Dharma, and thus seek to gain Moksha, i.e. release from further transmigration..”


The 4 stages of Sanatana Dharma – each of 25 years duration.

Brahmacharya - The Celibate Student:

This is a period for formal education. The young male must stay with a guru in a gurukul and attain both spiritual and wordly knowledge.  During this period, he is called a brahmachari, and is prepared for his future profession, for his family and society and religious life further ahead.

Grihastha - The Married Family Man:

This period begins when a man gets married, and undertakes the responsibility for earning a living and supporting his family.  During this worldy period of which pleasure of 5 senses is a part ( Kama ) , Sanatana Dharam supports the pursuit of wealth ( artha) as a necessity,within limits , without hedonism , without debauchery under certain defined social and cosmic norms.  Today most Hindus are so much in love with Grihasta life that it lasts till they die.

Vanaprastha - The Hermit in Retreat:

By now the man has beome a grandfather , his children have procreated and have branched out. At this age, he should renounce all physical, material and sexual pleasures, retire from his social and professional life , and spend major part of his time in spiritual matters . He is allowed to take his wife along if he leaves his house .

Sanyasa - The Wandering Recluse:


At this stage, after the age of 75, the man is supposed to be totally devoted to God.  He must renounce all attachments, desires and responsibilities .  He is now solely concerned in lessening his karmic extra baggage and his sole concern is to attain moksha, or release from the endless circle of birth and death. When he dies, the funeral ceremonies (Pretakarma) are performed by his son and heir- usually at Kashi.


The vulgar white invader dedicated Chapter 9 of the Kama Sutra to oral sex in general, with the major part dealing with gay oral sex.  The perverted lying muffs wrote that Vatsyayana penned that that some people “marry” ( parigraha—sic! ) members of their own sex and live together either openly or in secret. There is NO word Parigraha in Sanskrit with such specific meaning, and there are NO words in Sanskrit with double meanings.  Aparigraha is a man without possessions, who has no greed to acquire possessions —an example is the ancient Indian sage.

 Hindu parents have wept, beaten their chests and even stopped praying to god,  over homosexual sons and daughters — not just because they were morally perverse, but because of the denial of grand-children that is regarded as so important in Hindu society. This is a bitter fruit of Karma.

Moksha is a long process. It can be achieved only when all material desires are quenched. No man can do a Homam, who has NOT had sex with his wedded wife.  Sanatana Dharma recognized that sexual repression is the root cause of all evil.


The West has and will really never understood the Indian Kama Sutra.  These are unfortunate people who are NOT allowed to fondle their own children.  If they hold their best friends hand their society will look on them as gays.  

The Kama Sutra is basically a noble guide on human sexuality and gives you instructions on how to get a good wife,  how to make amazing love,  how to make yourself attractive to the opposite sex, how to have happiness at home , and much much more

The Kama Sutra teaches you what the other person’s needs are (physically and mentally) and how to fulfill them.

Why do the white woman and man try to cheat on their partners?  The reason is they do NOT know the difference between love and lust. 

In India we have arranged marriages. We do NOT seek premarital sex , to taste the fruits of the girl you may or may not marry.  The girl is forces to offer her goodies on the first date— or she loses .
Here is a excerpt from the real Kamasutra .

".. Women, being of a tender nature, want tender beginnings, and when they are forcibly approached by men with whom they are but slightly acquainted, they sometimes suddenly become haters of sexual connection, and sometimes even haters of the male sex"

Kama Sutra was branded by the Vatican as the most dangerous work of Devil of a pagan religion ,who did human and animal sacrifices .  Lot of self loathing Hindus abandoned their ancient cuture and converted to Christianity .

Hindus in India never heard of animal sacrifice in temples till the white invader came to India.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html

Wikipedia says QUOTE - Kama Sutra can be considered as one of the first written resources dealing with sadomasochistic activities - UNQUOTE

What is Sadomasochism ?

It is the giving or receiving of sexual pleasure from acts involving the infliction or reception of pain or humiliation.

Sorry, noble maharishi Vatsa could NOT write about sadism.

 The term “Sadism” is derived from the name of Marquis de Sade. Not only did he practice sexual sadism, he also wrote novels about these practices  (best known is Justine ).  The term “Masochism” was named after Leopold von Sacher-Masoch. He practiced masochism and wrote novels expressing his masochistic fantasies.  

Leave honourable ancient India out of this decadent western debauchery and hedonism.


The foreign gay organizations, eager to introduce homosexuality in India ( for de-population )  have always cried “ None of the sacred Hindu texts, such as the Vedas or the Upanishads, contain a straightforward condemnation of homosexuality” .

The dim-wits do NOT know the reason is that homosexuality did NOT exist in ancient India.


The muffs wrote – “according to the Kamasutra text, oral sex is performed when two mutual male friends wish each other well and have placed deep trust in each other.  Women are also permitted to mutually engage in such same-sex actions as per Kama Sutra guidelines.  However, within the Kama Sutra, it seems that oral sex—rather than sodomy—is the primary model for sex between men.  Despite this, the text does not refrain from mentioning sodomy among males or enetration with artificial phalluses among females “..

And if two male dieties decide to go for it then it becomes – Harihara  TEE HEEEE !

Harihara ( Lord Ayyappa ) means a God worshipped by both Shiva and Vishnu devotees. It does NOT mean an offspring of homosexual union between Shiva and Vishnu as our TRIPLE SRI Ravishankar told on NDTV and CNN IBN.

Here is another BIG LIE.

“ Samba, the son of Krishna, not only engaged in homosexual actions, but also dressed as a woman in order to seduce other goddesses ”.

The immoral white muffs have even subverted MOKSHA.

They write – “Moksa (sic!) is the complete release from the countless limitations and restrictions which impinge upon our existence. So Hinduism says go for Hedonism”


“ In this text ( Kamasutra ) lesbianism is described in detail, as well as the swapping of male female roles with the female being the dominant one and using accessories to penetrate the male. From the text we discover that male homosexuality formed an integral part of Indian sexual life and various homosexual practices are described in detail  “  POISON INJECTED

The muffs made up some immoral stories to denigrate Hinduism,--to show that ancient Hindus were savages who did human sacrifices .

QUOTE : Vatsayana,a Vedic Sage in Varanasi during the later first Century was approached by the King in the Himalayan region (now Nepal) to find a solution to convert the tribals and their rituals of human sacrifice to a more socially accepted worship. The Sage suggested the worship of a tantric goddess Tara that spread towards the eastern Himalayan belt till the Garo Hills where the tribals worshipped a fertility 'yoni' goddess 'Kameke'. It was much later in the later Brahaminical period Kalika Purana that most tantric goddess were related to the legend of 'Shakti' and began to be erroneously worshipped as a 'devi' by the Hindus.  According to the Kalika Purana, Kamakhya Temple denotes the spot where Sati used to retire in secret to satisfy her amour with Shiva, and it was also the place where her yoni fell after Shiva danced with the corpse of Sati. .Vatsayana was the one who created the goddess Tara among the tribals. This goddess was later worshiped as Kamakhya UNQUOTE

Such immoral lies.

Here is a real part of Kamasutra:-

QUOTE: A virtuous woman, who has affection for her husband, should act in conformity with his wishes as if he were a divine being, and with his consent should take upon herself the whole care of his family.

She should keep the whole house well cleaned, and arrange flowers of various kinds in different parts of it, and make the floor smooth and polished so as to give the whole a neat and becoming appearance.

She should surround the house with a garden, and place ready in it all the materials required for the morning, noon and even sacrifices. Moreover she should herself revere the sanctuary of the Household Gods,  "nothing so much attracts the heart of a householder to his wife as a careful observance of the things mentioned above."

Towards the parents, relations, friends, sisters, and servants of her husband she should behave as they deserve.

In the garden she should plant beds of green vegetables, bunches of the sugar cane, and clumps of the fig tree, the mustard plant, the parsley plant, the fennel plant, and the xanthochymus pictorius.

Clusters of various flowers, such as the trapa bispinosa, the jasmine, the gasminum grandiflorum, the yellow amaranth, the wild jasmine, the tabernamontana coronaria, the nadyaworta, the china rose and others, should likewise be planted, together with the fragrant grass andropogon schænanthus, and the fragrant root of the plant andropogon miricatus.

She should also have seats and arbours made in the garden, in the middle of which a well, tank, or pool should be dug.

The wife should always avoid the company of female beggars, female buddish mendicants, unchaste and roguish women, female fortune tellers and witches.

As regards meals she should always consider what her husband likes and dislikes, and what things are good for him, and what are injurious to him. When she hears the sounds of his footsteps coming home she should at once get up, and be ready to do whatever he may command her, and either order her female servant to wash his feet, or wash them herself.

When going anywhere with her husband, she should put on her ornaments, and without his consent she should not either give or accept invitations, or attend marriages and sacrifices, or sit in the company of female friends, or visit the temples of the Gods.

And if she wants to engage in any kind of games or sports, she should not do it against his will. In the same way she should always sit down after him, and get up before him, and should never awaken him when he is asleep. The kitchen should be situated in a quiet and retired place, so as not to be accessible to strangers, and should always look clean.

In the event of any misconduct on the part of her husband, she should not blame him excessively though she be a little displeased. She should not use abusive language towards him, but rebuke him with conciliatory words, whether he be in the company of friends or alone. Moreover, she should not be a scold,  "there is no cause of dislike on the part of a husband so great as this characteristic in a wife."

Lastly she should avoid bad expressions, sulky looks, speaking aside, standing in the doorway, and looking at passers-by, conversing in the pleasure groves, and remaining in a lonely place for a long time; and finally she should always keep her body, her teeth, her hair, and everything belonging to her tidy, sweet, and clean.

When the wife wants to approach her husband in private her dress should consist of many ornaments, various kinds of flowers, and a cloth decorated with different colours, and some sweet-smelling ointments or unguents.

But her every-day dress should be composed of a thin, close-textured cloth, a few ornaments and flowers, and a little scent, not too much. She should also observe the fasts and vows of her husband, and when he tries to prevent her doing this, she should persuade him to let her do it.

At appropriate times of the year, and when they happen to be cheap, she should buy earth, bamboos, firewood, skins, and iron pots, as also salt and oil. Fragrant substances, vessels made of the fruit of the plant wrightea antidysenterica, or oval leaved wrightea, medicines, and other things which are always wanted, should be obtained when required and kept in a secret place of the house.

The seeds of the radish, the potato, the common beet, the Indian wormwood, the mangoe, the cucumber, the egg plant, the kushmanda, the pumpkin gourd, the surana, the bignonia indica, the sandal wood, the premna spinosa, the garlic plant, the onion, and other vegetables, should be bought and sown at the proper seasons.

The wife, moreover, should not tell to strangers the amount of her wealth, nor the secrets which her husband has confided to her.

She should surpass all the women of her own rank in life in her cleverness, her appearance, her knowledge of cookery, her pride, and her manner of serving her husband.

The expenditure of the year should be regulated by the profits. The milk that remains after the meals should be turned into ghee or clarified butter. Oil and sugar should be prepared at home; spinning and weaving should also be done there; and a store of ropes and cords, and barks of trees for twisting into ropes should be kept.

She should also attend to the pounding and cleaning of rice, using its small grain and chaff in some way or other. She should pay the salaries of the servants, look after the tilling of the fields, and keeping of the flocks and herds, superintend the making of vehicles, and take care of the rams, cocks, quails, parrots, starlings, cuckoos, peacocks, monkeys, and deer; and finally adjust the income and expenditure of the day.

The worn-out clothes should be given to those servants who have done good work, in order to show them that their services have been appreciated, or they may be applied to some other use.

The vessels in which wine is prepared, as well as those in which it is kept, should be carefully looked after, and put away at the proper time. All sales and purchases should also be well attended to.

The friends of her husband she should welcome by presenting them with flowers, ointment, incense, betel leaves, and betel nut. Her father-in-law and mother-in law she should treat as they deserve, always remaining dependant on their will, never contradicting them, speaking to them in few and not harsh words, not laughing loudly in their presence, and acting with their friends and enemies as with her own.

In addition to the above she should not be vain, or too much taken up with her enjoyments. She should be liberal towards her servants, and reward them on holidays and festivals; and not give away anything without first making it known to her husband. UNQUOTE




Every girl in ancient Hindu India, were trained by her parents and by teachers to be proficient in the following 64 kalas ( arts ).

1-Geet vidya – art of classical singing
2-Vadya vidya – art of playing on classical musical instruments
3-Nritya vidya – art of classical dancing
4-Natya vidya – art of theatricals
5-Alekhya vidya – art of painting
6-Viseshakacchedya vidya – art of facial makeup / figure upkeep
7-Tandula-kusuma-bali-vikara – art of Hindu ritual offerings using rice and flowers
8-Pushpastarana – art of decorating with fragrant  flowers
9-Dasana-vasananga-raga – art of attractive personal grooming , finer things
10-Mani-bhumika-karma – art of decorative mosaic
11-Sayya-racana – art of bedroom arrangements and home science
12-Udaka-vadya – art of playing on scale music with part liquid filled tumblers
13-Udaka-ghata – art of fluid mechanics
14-Citra-yoga – art of mixing colors
15-Malya-grathana-vikalpa – art of floral designs
16-Sekharapida-yojana – art of attractive head adornments
17-Nepathya-yoga – art of fashion dressing
18-Karnapatra-bhanga – art of jewel decorating the ear
19-Sugandha-yukti – art of practical application of aromatics
20-Bhushana-yojana – art of using jeweled ornaments
21-Aindra-jala – art of entertainment by magic
22-Kaucumara – art for exuding charm , social grace
23-Hasta-laghava – art of manual dexterity
24-Citra-sakapupa-bhakshya-vikara-kriya – art of preparing varieties of delicious food
25-Panaka-rasa-ragasava-yojana – art of beverage and colourful desserts
26-Suci-vaya-karma – art of needlework and weaving
27-Sutra-krida – art of fashion embroidery
28-Vina-damuraka-vadya – art of playing on veena and small drum
29-Prahelika – art of making and solving riddles
30-Durvacaka-yoga – art of poetry games
31-Pustaka-vacana – art of reading and reciting verses
32-Natikakhyayika-darsana – art of enacting short plays and entertaining anecdotes
33-Kavya-samasya-purana – art of solving enigmatic verses
34-Pattika-vetra-bana-vikalpa – art of canework
35-Tarku-karma – art of spinning by spindle
36-Takshana – art of carpentry
37-Vastu-vidya – art of vastu architecture
38-Dhatu-vada – art of metallurgy
39-Raupya-ratna-pariksha – art of testing ornaments and jewels
40-Mani-raga jnana – art of charming by tinkling jewels
41-Akara jnana – art of mineralogy
42-Vrikshayur-veda-yoga – art of medicinal herb horticulture
43-Mesha-kukkuta-lavaka-yuddha-vidhi – art of training animals and birds
44-Suka-sarika-prapalana (pralapana) – art of training parrots and mynas to speak
45-Utsadana – art of aroma therapy
46-Kesa-marjana-kausala – art of fashion hair dressing
47-Akshara-mushtika-kathana – art of coded communication
48-Mlecchita-kutarka-vikalpa – art of speaking in code language
49-Desa-bhasha-jnana – art of knowing provincial dialects
50-Nirmiti-jnana – art of conscious predictions and gut feelings
51-Yantra-matrika – art of mechanics
52-Dharana-matrika – art of memorising
53-Samvacya – art of tactful conversation ,  host / guest manners
54-Manasi kavya-kriya – art of composing extempore verse
55-Kriya-vikalpa – art of perceptive decoding and diagnosis
56-Chalitaka-yoga – art of puja room and spiritual etiquette
57-Abhidhana-kosha-cchando-jnana – art of the use of lexicography and meters
58-Vastra-gopana – art of artful dressing apt for the occasion
59-Dyuta-visesha – art of playing dice for social entertainment
60-Akarsha-krida – art of use of magnets
61-Balaka-kridanaka – art of making dolls and toys
62-Vainayiki vidya – art of etiquette and personal discipline
63-Vaijayiki vidya – art of dharmic winning
64-Vaitaliki vidya – art of physical culture, self carriage


The Indian woman is a homemaker who creates a neat and clean home for her husband and children to live in , not for others to gape at and feel jealous .   She does NOT feel the need to over analyse anything what her family utters or be hyper sensitive.  

She has the ability to cast a shoe aside that does not fit, while being graceful , mature and poised while doing this. 

She does NOT breach trust nor does she get mired in self pity .  In her home there is no emotional drama, hysteria and cynicism . She has been brought up by her own parents in an atmosphere of kindness, generosity, patience, tolerance, humility, fairness – and she know what she must do .  

She knows how to create an atmosphere of joy, forgiveness, love, respect, friendship, self esteem and lightheartedness in her home.  She spends quality time with her husband and children and she does NOT care for kitty parties to go and bitch. 

 She lives life within her seams.  She creates conditions to share laughter within her home. Laughter is the cheapest luxury, it electrifies the nerves and cleanses the system.  There is prayer in the home.

She is content with little.  She knows too much glamour is like too much spices. She does NOT feel the need to impress anybody.  A homemaker is a good one if what she wants is what she needs.

When my elder son got engaged I congratulated his fiancée.

She asked me “Whatever for ?”.

I said “ For getting the best mother-in-law you can ever imagine !”



AN INDIAN COUPLE IS BONDED BY LOVE . . . THEIR DECADENT WESTERN COUNTERPART IS BOUND BY LUST . . .

The bharatiya naari gives herself in gratitude to her to her husband and children and is fulfilled by seeing them thrive and receiving their love, respect and gratitude.

Indian men instinctively protect their women and will even sacrifice their lives in this process, the way it is programmed in his DNA. . . . .

Sex is the symbol of this exclusive divine bond meant to procreate rather than for pleasure . . .. . Orgasm from LOVE ( and not LUST ) electrically charges healthy sperm , and hence the off spring will NOT be a depraved homosexual .. . . ..

In contrast ,the western woman have nothing left to exchange for love but sex. Thus, many are unnaturally obsessed with appearance , putting plastic inside their bodies and pathetically give their bodies to all and sundry. . . .

Displacing men in the traditional role of providers destabilizes the family. ...The new world order uses BENAMI Indian media for foul propaganda , that women are exhorted that self-fulfillment lies in career success and not husband and family . . .

Many women in India have become schizophrenic as they attempt to reconcile their natural motherly instincts with constant exhortations to do the opposite. . .

Zionist owned sex magazines constantly tell men, you don’t need to own a cow to drink milk You don't need to get married to have sex. . Marriage and children are a bore and a chore. . . .

In most foreign funded Indian TV channels a woman anchor will lose her job is she wears sindoor, bindi or a mangalsutra. . . .

God's love can be seen in a woman's dedication to her husband and children. I would like all my readers to stop reading and reminisce the love your mother gave you. . ..

I ask Indian bachelors, ensure that you marry a woman who can take care of you and your children.  This is more important than good looks. . . .


Hinduism has been deliberately denigrated by the white invader to make the Hindus self loathing for easier conversions.

Every dirt trick has been used to DIVIDE AND RULE by driving fissures into Hinduism.

The 9th avatar of Vishnu Lord Ayyappa was deleted from all the temples of India and frescos/ statues  inserted with Buddha ( a mere mortal who struggled for salvation as the 9th avatar ).

This foul scheme did NOT work and today Sabarimala where Lord Ayyappa is the deity is the largest pilgrimage on this planet ( 55 million in 2015 ).


Buddha was a man who hated Hinduism and who did NOT believe in a creator god. There is NO need for further arguments.



Same way to make the Hindus self loathing, they have used erotic sculptures found in some temples . The ancient ones spread a GOOD message . 

Severe punishments ( including death ) were laid out for deviant sex. 

The murals would show women covering their faces in shame and a soldier decapitating the deviant sex offender.  

The IMMORAL white invader left the deviant sex statues in place, but they neatly removed the punishment aspect.  

Photos would be published only after cropping out the good aspect leaving only the bad aspect-- to show the Hindu race as savages.




The ones retro-installed by the white invader contained deviant XXX sex.  Most of the sculptures involving vulgar sex are retro-installed by the white invader .

HOWEVER I CHALLENGE ANYBODY TO SHOW ONE SINGLE TEMPLE WHERE THE EROTIC SCULPTURES ARE INSIDE THE TEMPLE.  

ALL SUCH CARVINGS ARE OUTSIDE -- TO SHOW SUCH VULGAR KAMA MUST NOT BE INVOLVED IN SPIRITUALITY

Lord Shiva ( a cosmic energy field ) was converted by the white invader to be a sexually starved mortal tribal who ate dead corpses in graveyards..and given a name as the first AGHORI.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html

Every DASA character we got to study at school in our social studies NCERT books is a FAKE. Evry hero included in our school books was chosen by the white invader and more often than not ( 95% ) they were agents , stooges and fake creations of the white invader.

These are FAKE and bckdated creations of the white invader to make the Hindu self loathing.  How Krishna took on a mistress Radha , how he de-flowered 16000 gopikas , how Ram abandoned his pregnant wife

We Indians never heard of the term SATI, till it was coined by the white invader and his stooges. I challenge anybody to show one single instance of Sati in our ancient scriptures.

Yes, during the Islamic invader rule, very beautiful young widows preferred death to dishonour.  It was better to die than get kidnapped and put in a whorehouse Mandi--where you die every minute. The invader would get a kick out of selling the King's wife and daughters in a Islamic mandi.

Muslim invaders would rape the dead body of a woman even if she died by other means like poison.

Even in death the unfortunate woman did the right karmic and honourable thing -- she committed suicide by jumping into fire , just to fuse her own vagina .

I ask any young woman on this planet, this question. 

You have two choices- die ( we all have to die one day , the only 100% certain thing -- we are all on a single rafts in a cosmic river heading to that waterfall for the last plunge ) or be raped for years every hour by dirty ugly men from all your 3 orifices , till you die . 

You can keep your answer to yourself.

Well well, all you DOUBLE AGENT Indophiles ( and their Indian stooged ) who discuss only poison injected stuff in literary fests - it is payback time now. 

This post will stand the test of time last till Brahma breathes in and the sun goes supernova.

This is the Kalki effect.

Artha and Kama has been expounded in Hinduism more with an aim of what to avoid when a man enters the 4th ashrama of Sanyasa.   Only an idiot would read it backwards --like erotic sculptures on outside facade of temples.   

Anyone accepting Sannyasa must entirely devote to Moksha ( or atleast reduce the Karmic baggage ) aided by Dharma, with a complete renunciation of Artha and Kama.

This brings me to Artha.

Chanakya ( Kautilya ) has been made out to be a hedonist by the white invader.  They injected poison into his ARTHA SHASTRA .

They painted Chanakya as a mean , evil person who would pursue the creation of wealth at all costs.  The white historian compared him to mean and slimy Niccolo di Bernardo dei Machiavelli

Nothing is further from the truth.

Nehru who was romancing Rothschild woman Edwina played ball—he was the first to write in his book  Discovery of India,  that Chanakya is the Indian Machiavelli.

( German Jew Rothschild  who owned British East India Company ruled India-NOT the English King / Queen )

If at all anyone can qualify today as the FATHER OF INDIA it was Chanakya.   He did NOT give LOVE and GHUMAO charkha in an impotent manner when the white invader Greek came .

Chanakya was a honorable but practical man , who will NOT spare a foreign black mamba snake who tried to bite him.  

Here is a WISDOM quote made by Chanakya 2400 years ago “ Though men be endowed with beauty and youth and born in noble families, yet without education they are like the PALASA flower which is devoid of sweet fragrance”

Asaram bapu was spraying the fragrance of this flower on his followers when the ENTIRE foreign  supari fed media ganged up upon him and accused him of wasting water.

Below video: PRESSTITUTES in full flow ! In India the line was "tonnes of water was wasted by Asaram Bapu ". 



No question is asked when million times more water is wasted on lawns , golf courses and swimming pools for the rich.


Indians must know what type of presstitutes our BENAMI main stream media is.   They pretend to be desh bhakts , but are desh drohis of the first order . The junior ranks ( leave out Chutney Marys and Pickle Johns ) are desh bhakts to the WATAN and are exempted from this sweeping statement.

The entire foreign funded media shouted for all they were worth telling LIES that lakhs of litres of water was wasted by Asarama Bapu .  

The NEW WORLD ORDER wants to stop all Hindus festivals like Holi ( wasting water ) , Diwali ( global warming ), and customs like cremation ( climate change )

And to support this propaganda they kept showing Asaram Bapu spraying water on a huge gathering of thousands using two atomizing nozzles.

This was like showing Christiano Ronaldo scoring a goal by a penalty shot , using 10 cameras from different angles. To a gullible man it will appear that Ronaldo scored 10 goals instead of one.

One lakh litres ( one hundred thousand litres ) is 100 tons of water. When they said LAKHS of litres it must mean that atleast 3 lakh litres were used , which is 300 tons of water.

In reality it was confirmed that Asaram Bapu told the truth on TV – that he used just 2000 litres (2 tons) of water which came in a mini water tanker lorry .

Because it was NOT just water,  it was a solution of natural healing herb juice which gave it a bright colour . 

It was calculated by experts that each man received on an average 60 milli litres of atomizing spray. The water lorries were identified . The color spray which adhered on the shirts of the people were analyzed. 

Thank god there was color ( of Palash flowers ) inherent, or they would have said that the water evaporated.   






If Araram  Bapu had to waste 300 tons of water using those two nozzles, it would take him one and a half  days , NOT just a few minutes.  And everybody including the ground would be totally drenched.

I went on each and every TV station including vernacular ones. 

All of them spread the same lies of LAKHS of litres of water wasted. 



Later some TV channels pooh poohed  Asaram Bapus claim that 60 milliliters can help any of his followers.

This is Vedic science !!

The water which is infused with quantum healing herbs become negative ions when atomized through a spray nozzle.

Negative ion is an oxygen atom with an extra electron. All viruses have a positive dipole charge. Negative ions attach itself to it and enlarges the virus.  

Viruses are so tiny that our lungs cant pull them out, unless they are enlarged. 85% negative ions are absorbed by the skin and the balance via the lungs.  Negative ions in the blood stream activates delivery of oxygen to cells and tissues. 

Negative charged environment stimulates the body’s self healing mechanism. Ionizing a room drives away the dust , viruses and bacteria, as bacteria thrives on dust. This is the reason why the best hospitals of this planet have negative ion generators in the post operation rooms . 

Negative ions do NOT have any adverse side effects. Even modern poultry farms have negative ion generators.


Almost all major soccer clubs like Manchester United have negative ionizers in their dressing and change rooms. Basically these machines use high voltage to ionize or electrically charge air molecules—they have an extra electron, to donate to electron wrenching free radicals.

EVERY ANCIENT MAHARISHI  sat near clear fast flowing brooks and waterfalls, to go into the ALPHA BRAIN WAVE STATE . 

Inhaling negative ions regulates the production of Serotonin in your brain. Negative ionizers help you to sleep better.

The coloured water sprayed was anti-oxidant which boosts the body's ability to fight off damaging free radicals. 

It had herbs which had antibacterial , insecticidal properties,  anti inflammatory, anti cancer, antiviral,  anti allergic, anti mutagenic and antimicrobial properties.

Below: The negative ion generator (waterfall ) in my home at Calicut.




Below video: This is my negative ion generator--it is not for pleasure- it is for good health.
  

AND IT GAVE HUGE JOY TO THESE POOR DEPRIVED  PEOPLE, WHOSE ONLY JOY IN LIFE ARE FESTIVALS LIKE THIS.  

CAN ONLY THE INVADERS RELIGIONS BE CELEBRATED IN INDIA?


Here is a quote made by Chanakya 2400 year ago “ Though men be endowed with beauty and youth and born in noble families, yet without education they are like the PALASA flower which is void of sweet fragrance”


They tried to kill Asaram Bapu by a helicopter crach. It did NOT work.



Then they put false charges of RAPE on him and now he is in jail without  bail since the past two years.


Getting back to ARTHA and Chanakya –

Chanakaya is supposed to have died before the Grandson of Chandra Gupta Maurya became emperor .
Chandra Gupta Maurya converted from Hinduism to Jainism as per the white invader –as BAAAD Hindusim made him self loathing .

Chandra Gupa’s grandson Ashoka also became self loathing and converted from BAAAAD Hinduism to GOOOOOD Buddhism.

Nobody in India or even Buddhist Sri Lanka ever heard of the Kalinga war ( one lakh soldiers slaughtered ) which caused an unknown King Ashoka to convert to Buddhism.

EMPEROR ASOKA NEVER EXISTED – HE WAS CREATED AND BCAKDATED BY THE WHITE INVADER.  

Not a single Buddhist or Hindu text ever spoke of the Kalinga war.

The white invader has got his Buddhist stooges to write that Ashoka was so cruel that he had a torture chamber in his palace – and they even know the name of his chief torturer – a guy by the name of Girika

So what all evil deeds did BAAAAD BAAAAD Hindusim cause King Ashoka to do,and which causes him so much of remorse ,that he wanted to tun over a new leaf and convert to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism ?

Ashoka's killed 99 of his brothers, sparing only one, named Vitashoka.   

Now here is another paradox--  while newly written scriptures talk about 84,000 Buddhist monasteries established by Ashok a, the rock edicts are strangely silent on this—NOT a single rock edict mentions any Buddhism related activity by Ashoka ( actually King Piyadasi wrongly called Ashoka to make two plus two equals five ). 

Not a single Ashoka rock edicts mentions even a single sentence about the teachings of  Buddha.

Buddha existed in 1900 BC , NOT 1400 years later as per the white historian.

Chanakya has been made out to be an evil serpent with no scruples , devoid of all morals and character. The fact is that he was a very honourable man and a true Karma Yogi.  

He was a Kerala Namboodiri, who was proficient in Vedas, Surgery, Astronomy, Economics and political science—a respected professor at Taxila University.

As Alexander crossed the Dardenelles straits with his army,  Chanaka resigned from his teacher job at Taxila university and went to the Nanda empire capital at Pataliputra .  Alexander has with him 48,100 foot soldiers, 6,100 cavalry and a fleet of 120 ships with crew numbering 38,000 --and it was NOT a war exercise .

He advised the Nanda King about the looming foreign invasion by a greek King Alexander and advised him meet the Greek army , as other kingdoms were too small and not militarily strong as the mighty Nanda empire. Nanda was the only mighty empire at that time.

PORUS DEFEATED ALEXANDER THE GREAT – NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/alexander-great-and-king-porus-hidden.html

Chanakya had laid the foundation of a social system that rewarded a man for his accomplishment and not for his birth-  as per Sanatana Dharma. 

Chanakya would  groom the illegitimate son of the Nanda king to be king and create an empire even before Alexander arrived at India’s doorsteps. 

The white man wrote that brahmin Chanakya hated Nanda because the Nanda kings were Shudra caste. This is a white LIE, as those days the 4 tier caste system did NOT exist.

Let me digress:--

There is NO caste system in Sanatana Dharma.   There was a Varna system which was applicable in ancient days. 

Nobody was born a low caste. .

The white invader injected poison and used his FAKE must to create divides . He injected poison into Manusmriti to make the unskilled worker feel bad. Manu was NOT a bigot but a noble maharishi.

These four Varnas were literally 4 pillars of the society.

On a ship everybody cannot be captain. Then the ship will never reach the next port. Everybody has duties and responsibilities .

If everybody wants to be an architect no building will ever be made and even if it comes up, it will fall soon.  Everybody in a cricket team cannot be an opening fast bowler.

The Brahmins had to study and keep themselves pure so that their minds can absorb an enormous amount of Vedic verses and to do rituals and homams. Life was very difficult for them .

The Khatriyas were able bodied men who formed the army. Their lives too were difficult and they had to shed blood and be away from their families.

The Vaishyas were skilled workers. They formed the core group who did nation building .

The Sudras were Unskilled workers.

God has NOT created everybody the same so that society can flourish.. Some are more intelligent, some are more handsome , some are more stronger , some are more skilled , some are more fast .

An elephant must NOT try to overtake a horse. A horse must NOT attempt to lift more weight than an elephant. This is commonsense.

There are some students who are toppers in class and some at the bottom because they are NOT too bright. Now if this bottom of the cerebral barrel wasn’t to join ISRO and send a rocket to Mars ( out of sentimental reasons ) , the rocket will not even lift off and all will die.

If a soccer team takes fat players or lame players they will never win a match. An ugly fat woman should NOT attempt to take part in a beauty contest. This is the way god willed it.

The Vedic Sanatana Dharma system has the 4 varnas , or graded inequality to sustain society. Nobody was born into a Varna.

However skilled workers taught their skills to their children –a silk weaver would teach his children at a young age and they to became weavers. But if a Kshatriya has a weakling  there is NO way he can join the army as his birth right.

A sudra’s son can learn skills or if he is very powerful and swift he will be chosen to be in the army. In vedic times sudras became surgeons who cured kings and Brahmins . 

A Brahmin can have a “not so bright”  this boy cannot learn the Vedas- he has to be an unskilled worker . 

A sweeper  in a brain operation theatre must NOT attempt to do brain surgery. He has NO one to blame but herself rather than blame the surgeon who is doing the operation.

Like in every beauty contest, the ones who don’t measure up will be eliminated. The fat and ugly woman cant bitch about why she did NOT get the trophy.

The  word, “Dalit,” meaning “down trodden ” was a  term  invented by a  19th century activist Jotirao Govindrao Phule , ( whom the white invader sponsored ) who was used by the white invader to drive fissured into the Indian social fabric.


Democracy will NOT allow a donkey to be treated the same as a race horse on the track, or vice versa on a Dhobi ghat. One of them will have more value.

God has NOT created everybody the same.

Firstly he made man and woman .

No matter how much a woman says she is equal to man , she cannot be .

If any woman disagrees, please point out one animal or bird or mammal where the female gender is more intelligent, beautiful or stronger than the male gender ( insects please excuse ).

Male Olympics records are better that that of the female category.  A master tailor is a man. A master cook is a man.  Almost all inventions have been made by man.

Same way , among men — all are NOT equal.

Some are more intelligent, some are more handsome and some are more stronger .

This is the way reality is. There is NO point in bitching about it.

So if you are Bill Gates, running a software company, you will NOT show too much sentiments like the Govt of India and have a quota for the lesser category. 

And if you were the Captain of the Indian cricket team, you will NOT agree to have a physically challenged man in your team , out of sentiments.

Or if you are the producer of a movie you will NOT have a ugly fat woman as your heroine.
In any Univeristy, the intellectual cream gets computer science, the less intelligent category gets governmental studies , textile engineering or its ilk. 

My son who passed out of ivy league Cornell USA , sat in his Computer science class room on the first day and got a surprise.

There were hardly anyone of the superior white category , like what you get to see in the same college canteen.  This computer classroom has  Indians, Chinese, Koreans , dirty pariah whites, plus a sprinking of English speaking superior whites. There was NOT a single black American .

It was all about grey matter.

Same way,  our Vedic system has a Chaturvarna system. Those days the population was few. There was NO need for present day exam system, as there were superior people with 12 strand DNA who could judge your intrinsic worth just by looking at your physical aura.

So the Vedic Sanatana Dharma system has the 4 classes, or graded inequality to sustain society.



The picture below gives some white invader propaganda to WEDGE AWAY dalits from Hindusim. The Dalits must know this rigid caste system was created by the white invader. Before that all lived in harmony in India.


Below: These words are NOT there in the original Vedas.  This Shudras being from the feet etc -- is all injected poison by the white invader using his hundreds of FAKE mutts. There are only 4 original Hindu mutts established by Adi Shankaracharya 4000 years ago.





THE NOBLE VEDIC  " TEAM DYNAMICS"  SYSTEM GOT CORRUPTED , BY THE DIVIDE AND RULE INVADER POLICIES—

To understand this TEAM DYNAMICS concept--

can you build a skyscraper by a bunch of architects alone? --

or a bunch of masons alone?  or a bunch of musclemen?   or some electricians ?  or some plumbers ? or some carpenters ?

or a bunch of climbers who are NOT afraid of heights? --  



 It is the always the diversity of the team which causes it to produce magic.

The MANU SMRITI  was poison injected by the British, to divide Hindus, as for this purpose they used BR Ambedkar, EVR Periyar and Jotirao Govindrao Phule.


EXCERPTS FROM POISON INJECTED “LAWS OF MANU” CONCERNING DALITS/ UNTOUCHABLES ( FAKE DOCUMENT )


For the sake of the prosperity of the worlds (the divine one) caused the Brahmana, the Kshatriya, the Vaisya, and the Sudra to proceed from his mouth, his arm, his thighs and his feet.

One occupation only the lord prescribed to the Sudras, to serve meekly even these (other) three castes.

Once-born man (a Sudra), who insults a twice-born man with gross invective, shall have his tongue cut out; for he is of low origin.

If he mentions the names and castes (gati) of the (twice-born) with contumely, an iron nail, ten fingers long, shall be thrust red-hot into his mouth.

If he arrogantly teaches Brahmanas their duty, the king shall cause hot oil to be poured into his mouth and into his ears.

With whatever limb a man of a low caste does hurt to (a man of the three) highest (castes), even that limb shall be cut off; that is the teaching of Manu.

He who raises his hand or a stick, shall have his hand cut off; he who in anger kicks with his foot, shall have his foot cut off.

A low-caste man who tries to place himself on the same seat with a man of a high caste, shall be branded on his hip and be banished, or (the king) shall cause his buttock to be gashed.

Let him never slay a Brahmana, though he have committed all (possible) crimes; let him banish such an (offender), leaving all his property (to him) and (his body) unhurt.

LAWS OF MANU CONCERNING WOMEN ( FAKE DOCUMENT )

Day and night woman must be kept in dependence by the males (of) their (families), and, if they attach themselves to sensual enjoyments, they must be kept under one’s control.

Her father protects (her) in childhood, her husband protects (her) in youth, and her sons protect (her) in old age; a woman is never fit for independence.

Women must particularly be guarded against evil inclinations, however trifling (they may appear); for, if they are not guarded, they will bring sorrow on two families.

Considering that the highest duty of all castes, even weak husbands (must) strive to guard their wives.
No man can completely guard women by force; but they can be guarded by the employment of the (following) expedients:

Let the (husband) employ his (wife) in the collection and expenditure of his wealth, in keeping (everything) clean, in (the fulfillment of) religious duties, in the preparation of his food, and in looking after the household utensils.

Women, confined in the house under trustworthy and obedient servants, are not (well) guarded; but those who of their own accord keep guard over themselves, are well guarded.

Women do not care for beauty, nor is their attention fixed on age; (thinking), ‘(It is enough that) he is a man,’ they give themselves to the handsome and to the ugly.

Through their passion for men, through their mutable temper, through their natural heartlessness, they become disloyal towards their husbands, however carefully they may be guarded in this (world).

(When creating them) Manu allotted to women (a love of their) bed, (of their) seat and (of) ornament, impure desires, wrath, dishonesty, malice, and bad conduct.

For women no (sacramental) rite (is performed) with sacred texts, thus the law is settled; women (whoare) destitute of strength and destitute of (the knowledge of) Vedic texts, (are as impure as) falsehood (itself), that is a fixed rule.

ABOVE IS NONSENSE.

THE MALE TRINITY GODS HAVE THE FEMALE ASPECT INHERENT.    THIS WAS LIFTED BY THE WHITE MAN , IN A MOST STUPID MANNER ( ADAMs RIB )-- 

TEE HEEEEEEEEEEE !




BELOW: SHIVA-SHAKTI UNION REPRESENTED BY A SIX POINTED STAR, LIFTED BY JEWS  .




Below:  Every Shiva temple in India had this symbol on the ground – around which Hindus did pradikshanam of the inncer sanctum sanctorium. 

During the rule of the German Jew Rothschild  they got  the top part ( star of david –if you please ) grinded away – you can still see the rough areas. 

This six pointed star is fusion of two inverted triangles—Shakti  at Muladhara chakra rising via the Shushumna nadi and merging with Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra after their son Ganapati opens the muladhara bandhana.



CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS - GERMANS STOLE OUR SWASTIKA THE JEWS STOLE OUR SHIVA -SHAKTI STAR AND THEY FOUGHT A WORLD WAR?










Below: Qutab Minar ( Hindu astronomical observatory- DHRUV STAMBH  ) Shiva-Shakti star - the Muslim invaders who hate the Jewish Star of David did NOT remove this symbol on the top arch- 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html









I HAVE THE SWASTIKA SYMBOL IN MY PUJA ROOM.

The right handed Swastika is the second most important symbol for the Indian Hindu. The first is OM. Buddha a mortal converted this into a left handed Swastika which makes zilch sense.

Every Hindu accountant starts a new account book with this symbol. Almost all Hindu marriage pandals have this symbol. It represents the cosmic spinning vortex. Everything is energy. All energy is a vortex . 


Today the ignorant west considers this holy symbol as a symbol to be hated, just because Hitler used it.


The above 5000 year old tablets are in the British Museum, and were unearthed at Indus Valley civilisation, Harappa.


All energy is a golden spiral , rather a vortex--there is nothing  called a wave , you see in stupid physics books.     

In real nature, in the proverbial real “real world”, there is no such thing as a circle. The Vedic maharishis have recorded this in our Vedas.  

Nature is in constant evolution—It can never ever be a circle,--rather it is a SPIRAL which swings on and on, upwards, higher and higher still, ever changing, where not a single thing remains the same from one loop to the next, forever and ad infinitum.

Even magnetism is a spiral.

Our  enchanted world is in full forward flow. It must. It was never designed to stand still and sink into chaos and atrophy.

In our Vedas even time is a spiral- that is why NO western ignoramus could understand our spiral time Yugas—and they ridiculed us. Well sometimes you have to lick back your own spit.

Gravity is a function of time. Our Sri Yantra which contains the THEORY OF EVERYTHING , is 9 interlacing spirals .

ahaḿ sarvasya prabhavo
mattaḥ sarvaḿ pravartate

I am the origin of everything
Everything comes from me


















Our 4 Hindu yugas are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 .( satya/ treat/ dwapara/ kali )

When the Vedas say that the Dharmic cow stands on 4 legs in Satya Yuga , 3 legs on Treta yuga, 2 legs on Dwapara Yuga and one leg on Kali yiug, the stupid white man thought that Vedas were cowherd’s verses.

They minds are NOT profound enough to understand the astounding wisdom inherent in the Vedas.

B.R.Ambedkar who was educated in Opium founded Univerity Columbia said this about Vedas:-
QUOTE :Now the Brahmins have left no room for doubt, for they have propounded a most mischievous dogma which the Brahmins have spread among the masses, is the dogma of the infallibility of the Vedas. If the Hindu intellect has ceased to grow and if the Hindu civilization and culture has become a stagnant and stinking pool, this dogma must be destroyed root and branch if India is to progress. The Vedas are a worthless set of books. There is no reason either to call them sacred or infallible. The Brahmins have invested it with sanctity and infallibility only because by a later interpolation of what is called the Purusha – Sukta, the Vedas have made them the lords of the Earth. Nobody has had the courage to ask why these worthless books which contain nothing but invocation to tribal gods to destroy the enemies, loot their property and give it to their followers, have been made sacred and infallible. But the time has come when the Hindu mind must be freed from the hold which the silly ideas propagated by the Brahmins, are on them. Without this liberation India has no future. I have undertaken this task knowing full well what risk it involves. I am not afraid of consequences. I shall be happy if I succeed in stirring the masses.UNQUOTE 




 A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years today ( instead of 4,320,000 ).

Precession of the earth is approx. 50.26 seconds every year.. .( 1 degree is 60 minutes and 1 minute is 60 seconds )

The 25765 years is divided into 4 yugas in a ratio of 4:3:2:1. ( satya/ treta/ dwapara/ kali ) .

The sun has this  motion by which it revolves round a grand center called Vishnunabhi, which is the seat of the creative power.

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Vishnunabhi 'descending' yugas.

 A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years.

The first point of Pisces was the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic  till 21st Dec 2012. 

From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes and markes the end of Kali yuga.   At the end of  Kali Yuga the Kalki avatar kicks in  ( 21st Dec 2012 ) --with a cusp of 30 years

.
The first point of Pisces is the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic.    0n 2286 BC the zodiac of taurius ( indian rishabham / aldebaran )) is over-- it existed only from 4435 BC to 2286 BC -- the age from 2286 BC is aries, ( indian medam / hamal )) the ram till 137 BC .   From 137 BC to 2012 AD it is the age of pisces( indian eenam ) . From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes.

360 degrees = 360*60 minutes = 360*60*60 seconds of arc = 1296000 seconds of arc.

1296000 seconds of arc/50.26 seconds of arc/year = 25785.91 years. It takes 25785.91 years for 1 full circle – ‘ for Revati to ‘return”


The ancient seers of the Vedic culture referred to the Galactic Center as Vishnunabhi, or the navel of Vishnu.   Brahma (Ultimate Creator) sits on a lotus,the symbol of divine energy and divine grace.




chatvaaryahu sahsrani varshanaantu kritam yugam
tasya tavchhati sandhya sandhyanshrshch tathavidhah
itreshu sasandhyeshu sasandhyaansheshu ch trishu
ekapayen vartante sahsrani shatani ch
yadetat parisankhyaatmadadev chaturyugam
aetad dwadash-sahstram devaanaam yugmuchyate
daivikanaam yuggnaantu sahastram prisankhyayaa
braahmaikamahgyeyam taatati raatriraiv ch-  Manu Samhita

Four thousands of years, they say, is the Krita Yuga (Satya Yuga). Its morning twilight has just as many hundredes, and its period of evening dusk is of the same length (i.e., 400+4000+400=4800). In the other three ages, with their morning and evening twilights, the thousands and the hundreds decrease by one (i.e., 300+3000+300=3600; etc.). That four fold cycle comprising of 12,000 years is called an Age of the Gods. The sum of a thousand divine ages constitutes one day of Brahma; and of the same length is its night.


Laws of Manu have recorded that that the Yuga Cycle is of 12,000 years duration ( averaged ) , and is comprised of four Yugas or World Ages – Krita or Satya, Treta, Dwapara and Kali. 

As humanity moves from the Krita Yuga to the Kali Yuga, the level of virtue and human capabilities, both physical and mental,  gradually decrease, and reaches its nadir in the Kali Yuga, the dark age .

24000 multiplied by 360 gives a value of  4,320,000 years to follow the golden spiral of time.

As per our Puranas, the stalk of the lotus flower ( of precession) emerges from the navel of Lord Vishnu .



It is just NOT a simple flower –but an amazing allegory--  the lotus “seed-pod”, which is symbolically equivalent to the golden Mount Meru, the axis-mundi of the universe.

The Qutab Minar is representative of the Meru.  

Mount Meru is the abode of the gods and on top of Meru are present the palaces of Brahma and the protectors of the eight directions. 

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Brahma sits on a lotus which stems out of Vishnu’s nabhi or navel.

The samhita of Manu takes us from a pinnacle of light to the ultimate end-point of the process—the darkness of Kali Yuga.  

The 24 petals of the ancient Hindu monument Qutab Minar ( Dhruv Stambh )  is representative of the 24,000-year period ( averaged ) of the Vedic Yuga cycle.

The Vishnu avatar of Varaha Boar placed planet earth to follow the divine number 108, and the precession without which life on earth is NOT possible ( tilt of earth’s axis and precession )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/vishnu-avatar-varaha-boar-fixing-planet.html

The Muslims saw a Vishnu avatar Varaha boar statue during renovation of the mosque  — they alluded it to PIG banned by Islam  and they stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid ( ancient Ayodha temple ).


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/babri-masjid-demolition-mughal-emperor.html

The tilt of the earths axis as planted by Varaha avatar of Vishnu created the seasons, the monsoons etc.

. We must know that due to the tilt of the arth, the sun travels continuously from tropic of cancer 23.5 deg N ( 21th June ) to tropic of capricon 23.5 deg S ( 21st Dec ) causing the seasons .



‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)


“ After planting the earth, He adorned it with mountains and then divided it into seven continents” - Vishnu Purana 1.4.45-50 



One of the famous varaha temples is at Tiruvadantai, 27 miles from Chennai towards south on the way to Mahabalipuram.

The main deity is 9 ft tall and is called "Sri Lakshmi Adi Varaha".  The Lord holds a conch in his upraised right hand and the disc in his left.  The Goddess is seated over the left thigh of Lord Vishnu in his Varaha aspect, His left hand encircling Her waist, while Her feet are held in His lower right hand palm.  Only the right leg of Varahaswami is touching the floor. 

The deity is decorated with a garland formed of 108 saligrams around the neck.






Varaha placed the Earth and Moon at a DIVINE constant of 108, with respect to the sun.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Bhagawatam. 2.7.1)




Below: 7000 years ago Varaha boar lifted BHUGOL ( earth sphere ) on his tusks-- yet the immoral white man ridiculed Indians of fearing that they would fall off the edge of flat earth which was on the back of a tortoise.

 It is payback time now .  Hinduism can NEVER EVER be buried again. The world is coming back to Hinduism- the only religion without an agenda.





See the divine magic.


We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?




During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  




For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter.




There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC. They used their giant minds as laser beams.

It was necessary to fix the moon too, as-


QUOTE – Solar and lunar eclipses occurred repeatedly, and from the mountain caves came sounds like the rattling of chariots.  She-jackals vomited fire while crying out ominously, and asses ran here and there in herds, striking the earth with their hard hooves and braying loudly.  Being frightened by the braying asses, birds flew shrieking from their nests, and cows passed stool and urine due to fear.  Indeed, the terrified cows yielded blood instead of milk, and the clouds rained sour pus instead of water. The deities in the temples shed tears, and trees fell down even though there were no gusts of wind. Due to the covering of clouds, all became shrouded in darkness. The ocean became highly agitated .UNQUOTE . -- Puranas 5000 BC

Below: If you hover on a helicopter right on top of the tower you see 24 petal rashi chakram of the Zodiac..








Muslims cry for Babri Masjid.

They must know that Qutab Minar is a partially converted Vishnu Nabhi tower. Do NOT cry for this too, as then you have to take ownership of the Jew star in addition to the PIG of the Babri Masjid.




Zodiac is a belt of the heavens limited by  lines about 8 degrees on either side of the ecliptic or the path of  the Sun.    


 In Hinduism we have 12 signs (‘Rashis’), each 30°, of the zodiac  and 27 constellations,  each of 13°.20’ (thirteen degrees and twenty  minutes).

The Sun itself orbits around the galactic center at a radius of about 8,500 parsecs and takes over 200 million years to make one full orbit.  

This the adjustment Varaha boar ( Vishnu ) made as the Milankovitch Cycle of 25,765 years that is related to the precession of earth's axis.

The ancient seers of the Vedic culture referred to the Galactic Center as Vishnunabhi, or the navel of Vishnu.   Brahma (Ultimate Creator) sits on a lotus,the symbol of divine energy and divine grace.

The lotus grows from the navel of Vishnu, who is the sleeping god, whose dream is the universe. . . .

Brahma opens his eyes ( EXHALES )and a world comes into being. . . Brahma closes his eyes ( INHALES ) , and a world goes out of being.

Lord Vishnu is said to rest in the coils of Ananta, the great serpent of Infinity, while he waits for the universe to recreate itself.   

You cant have a big bang out of nothing—rather it is inhalation and exhalation.  



How the cosmos is created is mentioned in the verses of Nasadiya Sukta. "He falls back upon the earliest and greatest of Revelations, those of the Sacred Books of India with a Cosmogony which no European conception has ever surpassed.  While the West was still thinking, perhaps, of 6,000 years old universe – India was already envisioning ages and eons and galaxies as numerous as the sands of the Ganges. The Universe so vast that modern astronomy slips into its folds without a ripple.”


In hoary antiquity Manu indicates  a period of 24,000 years — clearly a reference to precession — consists of a series of four yugas or ages, each shorter and spiritually darker than the last.

All those who think that Maharishi Manu was a mindless bigot and Hindusim is full of superstitions pleaJJJE raise your hands.

WHAAAA ?    

NO HANDS ?

Manu is NOT about pouring molten lead into the ears of the Dalits – as DOCTOR and PROFESSOR ROLLED INTO ONE  Kancha Ilaih squeaks on TV every now and then—  mindlessly repeating what was told in the past by BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar.- both of whom never spent a single minute in fighting for India's freedom...


The Vedas are idle fantasies and absurd legends, which have NO sancity .  If there is only one God, who created the whole mankind, why did he write the Vedas only in Sanskrit language despite his anxiety for the welfare of the whole mankind?  What about the welfare of those who do not understand this language?   Vedas are a form of false consciousness .
MAHATMA  Jyotirao Phule ( Dalit leader )

The Vedas must be burnt.  A careful study of the Vedas, etc., proves beyond doubt that they were written by the Aryans with a view to disgrace, enslave and exploit the Dravidians.
Thalaivar EVR Periyar ( Tamil dalit leader and separatist )

A citation awarded by R controlled UNESCO ( on mentor Rothschild’s recommendation ) described EVR Periyar as “the prophet of the new age, the Socrates of South East Asia, f ather of social reform movement and arch enemy of ignorance, superstitions, meaningless customs and base manners”.

If Vedas were usless books , fit only to be burned – then they must explain the Nasadiya Sukta verses of the 7000 year old Rig Veda.


The white master race had NOT invented or discovered anything till they came to India, other than what they grabbed from the Arabs to whom we sold our knowledge in gold.



As soon the immoral white invader came to India they learnt Sanskrit, stole our intellectual rights patented it in their names and destroyed the originals  ( or kept it back after injecting POISON into the originals ).

Why should a Master learn the language of a slave ?


Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas. 

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC



Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. 

Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. 

They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.


Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

The white man has never lost an opportunity to ridicule Vishnu avatar Varaha—so here is what he wrote –POISON INJECTED Purana.

Now how can the story go without the white Christian man putting his own vulgar spin in his translations.

So here goes the spin-

“ Having accomplished his missions, Vishnu decided to spend some time in this new and playful form.  Alas, he underestimated the power of the brute consciousness in reasserting itself and he came to identify himself with the Boar.  He met a beautiful sow somewhere and they set up house had sexual intercourse and had many piglets.  Lord Shiva, seeing the appalling degradation of the great Vishnu,  attacked the boar and flayed its pelt - upon which the fully conscious and awakened Vishnu rose up in his remembered glory” 

So now Shiva worshippers can cock a snook at Vishnu worshippers – see our Lord saved your Lord from filth .


TEE HEEEEE

All the writings below are more than 7000 years old.

Earth goes around the sun – Rg Veda 10. 22. 14. and Yajur Veda 3. 6.

Sun and whole universe are round – Yajur Veda 20. 23

Shape of Earth is like an Oblate Spheroid. (Rig VedaXXX. IV.V)

Moon is enlightened by the sun – Yajur Veda 18, 20.

‘Earth is flattened at the poles’ (Markandeya Purana 54.12)

There are many suns – Rg Veda 9. 114. 3.

Seven colours in the sun – Atharva Veda 7. 107. 1.

Electromagnetic field, conversion of mass and energy – Rg 10. 72.

The gravitational effect of solar system makes the earth stable (R.V.1-103-2, 1-115-4 and 5-81-2).

The axle of the earth does not get rusted ,the earth continues to revolve on its axle (R.V. 1-164-29)

The Sun never sets or rises and it is the earth, which rotates (Sama-Ved 121).

The science of Time and its subtle nature is described in (R.V.1-92-12 and 1-95-8)

Blue Sky is Nothing but scattered sunlight (Markandeya Purana 78.8)

IN THE IMMATURE RACE WITH SOVIET UNION FOR SPACE SUPREMACY NASA PUBLISHED MANY DOCTORED PHOTOS FROM SPACE , SHOWING SUN AND, STARS  
–A BIG HOAX--  

NOT KNOWING THAT THE BRILLIANT SUN AND STARS CANNOT BE SEEN FROM SPACE.  

7000 YEARS AGO THE MAHARISHIS KNEW THAT . WHAT A CRYING SHAME !!

When astronauts landed on the moon , skeptics asked – where are the stars ?

NASA who showed the sun with FAKE pictures -- BAFFLED with BULL--




" all manned landing happened in lunar day time-- at dawn to be more precise. The stars were outshone by the sun.  The soil of moon has NANO particles ( which do NOT follow classical laws ) and this is what you get, though the soil was black "

THE TRUTH IS --

IN OUTER SPACE,   LIGHT IS NOT TRANSMITTED IN THE VISIBLE SPECTRUM.   

Visible Light can only be produced through diffraction.. 

When  light leaves a star or the sun the emissions consist of pure electro magnetic radiation that is not diffracted or split by any scattering source.

You can look at the sun from high earth orbit and be blinded, but yet not see any visible light.

On earth what diffracts the light spectrum into visible light is the ionosphere... There is no "blue sky" in space because there's no atmosphere to scatter the sun's light, so the stars and planets are visible all the time. 

You cannot see the sun in space.

Light cannot be seen unless it's bouncing off objects or particles.    If matter was theoretically cancelled out or hidden and you looked at a star in space with no matter in between-the light would be invisible to your eyes..

Below: Eric Dollard like Capt Ajit Vadakayil is blanked out by Wikipedia.

Eric Dollard is a genius- I am not even the dirt under his finger nail  !




The white historian ridiculed Hindus—OK, we agree that you 7000 year old astrology has factors in Mercury, Venus, Mars , Jupiter and Saturn –but hey , hey—you foolish Indians never knew of the remainin three planets .

Planets Uranus, Neptune and Pluto were named Shweta, Shyama and Teevra in our Vedas  ( Vyasa Muni). .

The names of the rest of the planets have been used in astrology in the rashis. 

Uranus , Neptune and Pluto are NOT used in horoscopes as they stay in a single rashi for too long and are too far away to effect the human DNA.

Below: We Hindus in Kerala do NOT marry without matching horoscopes. 

My elder son just got married --we matched more than 400 horoscope of prospective girls. 

When I was married 32 years ago my mother matched 128 horoscope - before my wife was chosen. 

So am I an idiot ?   Is my family happy ?



The white historian ridiculed Hindus—OK, we agree that you 7000 year old astrology has factors in Mercury ( budha ), Venus ( shukracharya ) , Mars ( mangala ) , Jupiter ( brihaspati ) and Saturn ( shani )  –but hey , hey—you foolish Indians never knew of the remaining three planets .

Planets Uranus, Neptune and Pluto were named Shweta, Shyama and Teevra in our Vedas  ( Vyasa Muni). .

The names of the rest of the planets have been used in astrology in the rashis. 

Uranus , Neptune and Pluto are NOT used in horoscopes as they stay in a single rashi for too long and are too far away to effect the human DNA. We use North Node Rahu and South node Ketu instead.


The British made a big hue and cry when German Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) "discovered " Uranus on March 13th 1781--  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .  The fact remains that this German Jew thief stole from India.

Shukracharya the advidor to Kerala King Mahabali Kerala Jyothish which was adopted all over Hinduism.

Shukra Dasha which remains active in a person's horoscope for 20 years, this is the longest dasha among all planets

In Indian astrology, Venus is known as SHUKRA and has its domain on Friday.   

Shukracharya was the god for Parsis ( Ahura Mazda ) and entire ancient middle east.  This is why they have Muslims have Friday as holiday and say SHUKR for thanks. Mohammad the Prophet ascended to heaven on Friday from Dome of the Rock- Jerusalem ( which has a black meteorite stone / Shiva lingam underneath ). 

From this black the rock Muhammad's winged horse leapt into the sky, accompanied by the Archangel Gabriel, on the "Night Journey" into heaven (Qur'an 17).

Brihaspati ( domain Thursday ) was god for the western white man –they call him Thor, Zeus etc. Thor’s day is known as Thursday .

Brihaspati puja is on Thursdays.  Brihaspativar is Thursday, a holy day for white European Christians.   Maundy Thursday is the day Jesus Christ washed the feet of his disciple. Thursday is ascension day for Christians.

The Rig Veda ( 4:40:1 ) mentions Brihaspati in 5000 BC, at least 3000 years before the Norwegians could cook up  Thor or the Greeks could cook up Zeus.

During Samudra Manthan , Maharishi Brihaspati was the Guru of the 54 Devas and Shukracharya was the guru of 54 asuras.

Shukracharya’s guru was Maharishi Rishi Angirasa . In his childhood his teacher showed partiality and nepotism towards his own son Brihspati while in competition with Shukracharya , though his son was NOT as good.  This was the root cause of the Mahabharata war and other jealous races like Persians, Greeks and Romans outside India.

When the Devas ( Gods ) chose Brihaspati as their Guru,  Shukracharya who expected to be chosen became very bitter. He then offered his services to the Asuras ( enemies of Devas ). 

On Shukracharua’s advise King Mahabali conducted the Ashwamedha Yagam and proclaimed himself emperor. Vishnu then took Vamana ( midget Brahmin ) and killed Mahabali..

Ashwamedham is a bloodless yagam—where a King proclaims himself King of Kings and makes himself emperor.

Surya Siddhanta, which gave Astronomy to the planet 5500 years before anybody else could dream of all this. It contains accurately, the diameter of the Earth, its circumference, eclipses, the number of days in a week, a month and a year. It gives the diameter of planets, and modern Trigonometry ( Sin/ Cos/ Tan/ Secant ) and Spherical trigonometry. 

The average length of the tropical year is given as 365.2421756 days in Surya Siddhanta, which is only 1.4 seconds shorter than the modern value of 365.2421904 days, of the atomic clock age. The average length of the siderial year or the actual length of the Earth's revolution around the sun, as 365.2563627 days, which is almost the same as the modern value of 365.25636305 days .

The Mayans followed a calendar based on Venus ( Shukracharya ).

Mayan architecture has the same Vaasti shastra as the Vedic architecture. Samudra Manthan has been found in cave carvings in Peru ( tortoise carrying Meru ) and Mexico.

Between 1519 to 1533, the white Christian man discovered and destroyed in a most foul manner, 3 glorious civilizations - the Aztecs of Mexico, Maya of Yuacatan and Guatemala and Inca of Peru. Maya, Inca and Aztec civilizations were founded by ancient Indians.

The Mayan calendar , which everybody knows about , is nothing but a Vedic calendar made by Maya Danava. The Mayan calendar began with the Fifth Great Cycle in 3114 BC and ended on 21 December 2012 ( end of a GREAT Yuga— starting of Dwapara yuga  ) .AD.   

In Surya Siddhantam, Maya described how eclipses were caused..






Mayans like Hindus  maintained the concept of four Yuga cycles, or cosmological seasons, extending over thousands of years, and conceived of twelve constellations with reference to the sun as indicated by the Vedic-Incan sun calendar.

They worshiped Maya Danava.

The Mayan calendar was made by the Asura Maya Danava, who ran away to Palala . Palata is Vedic lore is the nether world--underneath the ground. For a global earth this translated to the area of these 3 civilizations.

The ancient Hindus mainly used lunar calendars but also used solar calendars. In the ancient days Indians were the first to do astronomy and astrology. Every other civilization just copied and mirrored , several thousands of years later.

Maya Danava went to Peru on his own Vimana which was a spacecraft. He had designed several of these spacecrafts for Kubera.   



Lord Kubera, the brother of King Ravana had several Vimanas, and he had gifted him one in return for services rendered.  


Maya was an architect and a metallurgist par excellence-- he was a magician literally with palaces. He was the architect of Tripura ( Atlantis ) and the Lanka palace of Kubera which was usurped by his half brother Ravana along with the Pushpaka Vimana. 

After the Ramayana war in 4300 BC, this vimana ( flying saucer with mercury plasma gyroscope vortex ) was returned back to its rightful owner Kubera by Lord Rama.

Maya was arm twisted by Arjuna in a foul manner, to build the amazing Indraprasta Mahasabha for Yuddhisthira. In the ancient days having the best palace among all kings had its own glory and held the awe factor for respect. Mayasabha was a palace of illusions. Maya means illusion in Sanskrit.

Guest king Duryodhana was circumspect while walking thorough, unable to figure out which is solid and which is liquid, causing Draupadi to laugh loudly in sarcasm from the balcony. 

Then King Duryodhana to preserve his honour, walked with less caution and fell headlong into a pool of water, and Draupadi laughed again in sarcasm--this time louder.  

Duryodhana came out of the pool dripping wet and shouted at her angrily " This laughter will cost you dear!".  

It was unbecoming of a host Queen to be sarcastic towards a guest King.

This was the root cause for the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC.





Maya’s son-in-law Ravana was defeated by Lord Rama in the Ramayana war.

Maya is the author of Surya Siddhantam, which he learnt directly from an Amsa of Surya Deva, where he describes the Heliocentric  model . 

Maya had accurately arrived at the orbital periods of visible planets, their distance from Earth and their diameters.  In the Surya Siddhanta, a work dealing with astronomy he had described about the results of his analysis. 'Surya' means 'Sun' and 'Siddhanta' means 'theory'.

Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . You must understand that these diameters were calculated more thas 6 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different.

Maya is mentioned 23 times in the Ramayana, and 61 times in the Mahabharata.   A unique reason for glory and legacy indeed.

Mayamatam, "Concept of Mayan" which is a Vastu Shastra, a text on art, architecture and town planning.  Incas, Mayans and Aztecs used Vaastu shastra in their architecture.

In India, even modern architects learn Maya Danava's Vaastu as part of their syllabus. Such homes cost more.

They perceive existence in terms of two dimensions: first the infinite spiritual realm and second the finite accommodating space for insentient material objects. This concept of a superior plane of existence, where the original form of things exist eternally, is the basis of India's sacred architecture.

Vaastu shastra prescribes desirable characteristics for sites and buildings based on flow of energy called Vaastu Purusha.

 Vaastu Shastra which is considered a conduit between man and nature is based on the infinite powers of the five elements – fire, water, earth, and air and space. It essentially deals with two energy sources – the solar energy flux and the geomagnetic energy flux. 

This science aims at controlling the flow of these two energies by selecting proper directions and alignments for the vaastu. Vaastu is basically aimed at harnessing the higher energy levels within the self and can help in various aspects of life. Buildings not constructed as per Vaastu see their decline to ruins much faster than those built otherwise.

Mexican call a potter "Kumbhar", as Sanskrit word.

After Vedic people the Mayas of Yucatan were the first people to use a zero sign in Mathematics. This knowledge came from India, as we had this knowledge thousand of years before them

Archaeologists found many Hindu deities like Shiva, black meteorite Shiva linga, Lord Ganesha, Goddess Kali, Sun god Surya , Buddha etc. (in similar or slightly different forms) which were worshiped in ancient America.  

Images of Ganesha have been excavated in plenty in Mexico. This god with the elephant's trunk is frequently depicted in Mexican manuscripts . Lord Ganesha 'Ekadant Ganesh' was found in the temple at Kopan .

The image of Hanuman called by the name 'Wilka Huemana' and measuring 50 feet in height and 12 feet in breadth was found in Guatemala. Similar one was found during an excavation of an Aztec temple in Mexico City and was known as 'Euhectal', a wind God, a monkey God.

In the jungles of Honduras idols sit in Hindu mudra meditation pose .

A festival called Sita-Ram (Situa - Raimi) was celebrated in Mexico during Nav-Ratri or Dussehra period which has been described on page 5867 in the book 'Hamsworth History of the World'.    They have same  Hindu concepts of cataclysm, rebirth, four yugas and the concept of two planets like Rahu and Ketu causing solar eclipse

Ayar Inoa King used to wear a turban, earring and a trishul type trident in his hand. Vegetarianism exists in these areas as well as Hindu India. They wore cotton which is India's gift to this planet. 

Indian maize is used in Mexican Tortillas --a form of Chapati.They love their food spicy, like Indians.

Baron Alexander Von Humboldt,  did extensive studies and found similarities between Asian and Mexican astrology.

In 1866, the French architect, Eugene Viollet-le-Duc,  noted striking resemblances between ancient Mexican temples and  and those of South India.

There is amazing similarity between the Hindu Trinity - Brahma- Vishnu- Shiva and the Mexican Trinity Ho- Huitzilopochtli- Tlaloc .

The idols were represented with serpents round their heads, as for Lord Shiva.-basically raised Kundalini.

A flying monkey wearing a helmet , holding a mountain in one hand and a club in the other is the same as Hanuman of Ramayana 4300 BC.

 In Bolivia and south of Peru, you can see the "La Diablada" ("Demoniac Dance"). This famous festival depicts a very ancient Indian story: two angel-like warriors fight ( Rama and Lakshmana )  against a ten-headed demon ( Ravana of Sri Lanka ) . 

This demon has a army and the angelical warriors are being helped by animal armies, especially by a society of well organized monkeys., who built the Ram Sethu bridge. Yet our Italian waitress who rules India and her “not so bright” son, thinks this is fanstasy.
  
INCA OF PERU is Dinaka  “ Child of the sun” in Quechua . In Sanskrit Dinaka has same meaning. Dinakar is a common name in India.

AZTEC OF MEXICO is derived from "worshipper of Ashtabhuja or Ashtak ( 8 armed ) " , the eight armed God- found in Mexican temples. 

No where in the word are multi-armed idols found, except in India. This is a hands down proving clue.



Trilokinath, the Hindu ruler of the three worlds, was known to the Mexicans by the name, until the Spanish conquerors mistakenly changed the name into Tloque Nahuaque. 

William MacLeod had written about the similarity between the Mexican volador ritual and the Indian rite of hook-swinging. MAYANS OF GUATEMALA and Yuacatan call Kundalini, as kultunlilni.  Kultunlilni is the vital life force empowering all human growth and development. This crucial life-force is the same as what is known in Hindu cosmology as the serpent power: Kundalini. 

In a temple in Guatemala is a statue of an incarnation of Vishnu as Kurma, the tortoise. The sculpture is richly and finely detailed and strongly suggests that it can only be done by a pure Hindu Indian.
  
A wall panel (Panel No. 3 of Temple 0-13, at Piedras Negras, Guatemala; reproduced as Plate 69, page 343 of 'The Ancient Maya' by S.G. Morley) belonging to the Later Classic Stage of Mexican history, associated with the peaking of Maya architecture and sculpture. It depicts the Ramayana. 

The artistic design and postures of the figures carved can be compared to those found at Ajanta and Ellora caves in India.


The Mexicans throne is same as the Hindu Simhasan (Lion throne).  The Kings wore turbans and travelled in Indian palanquins. US  Ambassador Miles Poindexter, to Mexico, in his two-volume 1930s treatise The Ayar-Incas called the Mayan civilization "unquestionably Hindu." He said that that primitive Aryan words and people came to South merica across the Pacific ocean . 

Poindexter gives a long list of words of the Quichua languages and their analogous forms in Indian Sanskrit. He also detailed the similarities between the hymns of the Inca rulers of Peru and Vedic hymns

Betel-chewing with lime and coca-whew and tobacco, as well as the gourd-container for the lime are common to both people. The Peruvian substitute for tobacco, which was used for medicinal purposes, was a shrub, called cuca (coca).

Mexican temples and idols, as in India, were lavishly decorated with gold and precious stones.

Mayan gods Xiuhtechutli and Xipe Totec have their Vedic counterparts in Indra and Agni. Indra or Xiuhtechutli, is the rain god and guardian of the Eastern Quadrant, and Agni, or Xipe Totec, is the god of sacrificial fire, born in wood and the life force of trees and plants.  Mayas had ceremonies like Namakaranam, Punyaha vachana and Gurukula. They put their offerings to gods in water tanks like Hindus.

When Vasco da Gama landed in Calicut ( my hometown ) in 1498, the King Zamorin, had whipped out a world map and asked him where he came from,much to his surprise

Lord Ganesha is seen with his vehicle rat in Inca mythology in Peru.  Lord Ganesha was found in temple of Diego Riviera in Mexico City. Hanuman and Lord Shiva can be seen in the Guatemala Museum. 

Shiva Lingam was found in Vera Cruz and in Mexico City. The Mexican Vishnu holds the traditional Gadha or mace and his Chakra. The image of Vishnu’s tortoise Kurma avatar incarnation is preserved by the United Fruit Line in the museum at Quiragua, Guatemala. 

They have named this image , the Turtle Stone. Indra and the Vamana (midget Brahmin ) avatar who did in Kerala ( my home state ) Asura King Mahabali can be seen in the Mexican National Museum .


The Maya Codex Tro-Cortesianus shows a tortoise, a central churning rod and a serpent being used as a rope by figures of dark and light shade, which is the Hindu Samudhra Manthan. 

The tortoise, is, however, on the summit of the mountain pestle instead of being beneath it, and the other form of the serpent god appears above his avatar. Round the mountain-pestle is twisted a snake. Two dark gods, evidently demonic forms of deities, like the Indian Asuras, hold one end of the snake-rope while the other end is grasped by the elephant god Ganesha.

The largest temple in Mexico City was the temple of Lord Shiva, the War God of the Mexican whom the Spanish invaders found entwined by golden snakes. The Mexican temple had the Gopuram South Indian temple MERU style.
  
Sir Thomas Stamford Bingley Raflles or the father of Singapore wrote,”The great Hindu temple of Borobudur might readily be mistaken for a Central American Temple. Every page of Peruvian poetry bears the imprint of Ramayana and Mahabharata.”

Machu Picchu temples and structures follows the Indian Vaastu. The layout of these structures, locations for doors, windows, proportions of width to length, roof styles, degree of slopes for roofs, column sizes, wall thicknesses, etc., all conform completely to the principles and guidelines as prescribed in the Vastu Shastras of Maya Danava in India.

After the Spanish conquest, the first Bishop of Mexico, Juan de Zumarraga, burned all the records of the Library of Texcoco in Tlateloco market square as "the work of the Devil," and religious fanatics destroyed temples and statues. 

Fray Diego de Landa, the second Bishop of Yucatan, following the pattern, reduced the Maya Library in Yucatan to ashes in 1562. Bishop Diego da Landa burnt a huge bonfire of valuable documents and nothing but the three codices of 'Chilam Balam' could survive the holocaust....

"We found a large number of their books of these letters, and because they did not have anything in which there was not superstition and falsehoods of the devil, we burned them all, which they felt very sorry for and which caused them grief."

It was Landa that gave the orders for all the Mayans to bring all manuscripts to the public squares in Mani to be burned. All these books contained what would now be priceless information on astronomy, medicine, religion, and philosophy. 

The burning of manuscripts continued for decades. Soldiers were encouraged to ransack palaces, public buildings, and private houses to find manuscripts.

THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED IN MALI. 

The white burn burnt all ancient books translated in Kerala for which they paid in pure gold

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html


The Swastika sign of this area , seen on a "huaco" pot had with four dots inside. This is a Vedic sign that you can see on the top of the gates of ancient temples, and even in my home.



The Russian Stonehenge more grander and much older than the British Stonehenge was unearthed at Arkaim, Cheliabinsk, at the Urals. Putin went to visit the site, when they found the ancient Aryan Swastika symbol on unearthed pottery.

Swastika is a Sanskrit word. SU means "good" ASTI means " to be "

Swastika symbols have been found in far flung areas of this planet-- King Vikramaditya's hawks and homing pigeons ( fax machines of that age ) use to have a golden swastika royal seal strapped around their legs.


Abraham is lifted from the Hindu creator God Brahma. Sara is lifted from Brahma's wife Saraswati. In Judaism Abraham is the father and Sara is the mother. Hebrew scriptures claim that Sara dies at the age of 127.

Christians believe that Jesus was a descendant of Abraham. Both in Christian and Jewish traditions, Abraham is the father of Israelites, and is the father of Isaac. he has another son Ishmael through Sara's maid servant Hagar. 

Isaac is considered the ancestor of the Jews. 

Abraham ( Ibrahim ) is the prophet of Islam and the ancestor of Mohammad, through his son Ishmael whose mother is Hagar. In Koran Abraham is mentioned in 25 chapters. Ibrahim was asked to sacrifice his son Ishmael and as he was about the sever the head, God placed a sheep under the knife.

This is the reason for the Eid Islamic festival. On this day a sheep ( Bakri ) is slaughtered .
A tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found in the great Pyramid. It is now in the British Museum. “vasanvsi jeernani yatha vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani”.

This means "as a person puts on new garment, giving up the old ones, the soul similarly accepts a new material body giving up the old and the useless ones".  

This explains the ritual of the mummy making and the elaborate burial system in the Egyptian civilization where efforts are made to make the soul comfortable with all necessary things because they believed that the soul will need all these till it finds a material body. Reincarnation in short.  This is a Hindu Vedic concept.—nobody else can claim this Sanskrit verse.

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India. 

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Christians believe that Jesus was a descendant of Solomon.

King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba. 

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc at Kodungallur Univeristy.( the cultural centre of Calicut king --Muzris).

. The word 'Vatican' itself is derived from the Sanskrit word Vatika, which means Vedic  religious centers, such as Yagna-Vatika.   Vatican St Peter’s cathedral was built on top of a Shiva temple.

The world  "Christianity" came from the Sanskrit words "Krishna-neeti", (the way of Krishna).
Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.
  
Much before Greek Pythagoras came to India and stole his theorem. Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding much--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus.

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
 
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun.

Aryabhatta of 2700 BC, from my hometown of Calicut was the first to propound the HELIOCENTRIC model of the cosmos, the Siderial day length, and that the earth rotates on its own axis, all the while moving in space -- in writing. 

The real name is Arya Bhattathiri. There are NO Bhattathiris else where in India-- pretty much the same way, there were NO John Smiths in Vedic India.

The same time the Vedic concept does NOT say that the sun is the EXACT centre , around which planets revolve in elliptical paths ( NOT round paths -- be abundantly clear about this ) . The centre of the solar system is slightly away from the centre of the sun. Aryabhatta had written that the moon reflects the light from the sun.

Copernicus stole from the Vedas –that earth is round. Copernicus came 2000 years after Pythagoras. The Pope blinded Copernicus --divine retribution for patenting stolen knowledge.

In Hindu cosmology or in Vedic Cosmology the surface of the earth is represented as a sphere and not as a flat surface , "Cakracasah parinaham prthivya"   

It says "people who reside on the surface of earth globe circumference" [ 7000 year old --Rig veda 1.33.8] .

The vedic seers were NOT dreamers--they did Spherical Trignometry and 3D Fractal geometry in their great minds. Modern Mathematics can never come near Vedic Mathematics, which calculates faster than modern day computers.

The ancient Indian wars used long range missiles and Vimanas and the Coriolis force is written in the Indian Vedas

The Coriolis force acts in a direction perpendicular to the rotation axis and to the velocity of the body in the rotating frame and is proportional to the object's speed in the rotating frame. The west is going GA GA over Newtons three laws –for what ?

The Catholic Church lifted the ban on heliocentism books in 1757 because the sadist Pope could no longer keep up with imprisoning, torturing, or killing the growing number of persons believing in heliocentrism. 

It wasn't until 1822 that heliocentrism books could be written in Rome-- vindicating what was written by Aryabhatta 4600 years earlier.

But for Nikola Tesla and Albert Einstein the world would have ignored Vedic science. Einstein just told what is written in the Vedas --that energy and matter is inter convertible.

Einsteins speed limit of the speed of light is NOT supported by the Vedas. The Vedic Vimanas and scalar interferometry rays travelled faster than light.

Aryabhatta was the first to calculate Pi of 3.1416 and the solar year of 365.358 days . He propounded a heliocentric universe 4200 years before Copernicus, with elliptically orbiting planets and a spherical earth spinning on its axis explaining the motion of the heavens. He was the father of plane / spherical Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the dark ages.. Today you don't see this pioneers name in the list of top 100 mathematicians.

Aryabhatta was the first to compute the circumference of the earth, with an error of just 64 miles.. 

Aryabhatta gave a method to find the cube root of numbers and dealt with arithmetic,geometric and indeterminate equations in algebra. He dealt with square, cube, triangle, trapezium, circle and sphere in geometry. He was called Arjehir by the Arabs.

Poor Galileo did a Aryabhatta 4 millenuims years later , that the earth is round and circles the sun , and the church blinded him , so that he can never look into another telescope .

Calculus was developed and many books were written . The lineage of the Calculus Mathematicians of the Kerala school are as below.



Parameshwara's book of Calculus , including Drigganita was available even to the Arabs. The East India company was based in Calicut.

The Dutch East Indian Company was in Calicut in 1602, parleying with our king Zamorin.

Even before that in 1580 Matteo Ricci borrowed Calculus Malayalam texts from Calicut kings in 1580, never to return it. ( those days there were NO fax or photostat machines ). Whish and Hyne stole Calculus texts  from Trichur Temple Library a few years later.

They took Calculus to Europe , from where the likes of Gottfried Wilhelm Von Liebniz , Isaac Newton and Robert Hooke raced with each other to translate , re-invent and market it in their own names, in a acrimonious manner.

Newton wrested the honours finally.

He has admitted slyly though, that he sat on the shoulders of giants while inventing Calculus.  Even today the world media , press and  scientific community thinks he told that,  to maliciously finger his competitor Robert Hooke who was a physically challenged humpback.

It was John Wallis , while he was the keeper of Oxford Univeristy archives who first started pondering over translated Mathematics stolen from India. 

John Wallis patented Vedic Math infinity and infinitesimal ( Vishnu reclining in horizontal 8 position ) in his own name.  Rest he could NOT understand .  What ever he could make head or tail of, he included in his Arithmatica Infinitorum and Treatise on Algebra.

His baton was taken over by Isaac Barrow, who tutored Isaac Newton in Kerala Calculus.

The VIBGYOR sunlight spectrum of Newton can still been seen in Indian temples made in BC, along with amazing pinhole cameras .  These rainbow colours were given to the 7 Chakras of the human body as early as 9000 BC. 

Newton is indeed the King of thieves, like how Maradona is the King of soccer.

Newtons laws of motion were lifted from the Sanskrit texts of 4000 BC and Aryabhatta’s written work in 2700 BC in Sanskrit..

Newtons gravity laws whig makes attraction a sort of magnetic pull is nonsense. It is explained in GURUTVAKARSHAN that gravity is a property of matter and akasha warp.   This was lifted by Albert Einstein to get the Nobel Prize.

Newton’s second law about Force - Mass X acceleration is in several of our Vedic texts. How do you send projectiles in ancient wars without knowing this ?

Newton's third law-about every action has an equal and opposite reaction is in our 5000 year old Panchatantra stories--"whether a leaf falls on a thorn or a thron falls on a leaf, the effect is the same"

Without understanding GURUTVAKARSHAN ,( the curvature of spacetime in a strong gravitational field and the effect on velocity -the acceleration of a radially falling object ) , and hence not having the foggest of idea what is gravity-- he published his classical gravity theories in haste just to patent the gravity knowledge --ala Calculus.

Calculus was written in Malayalam atleast 200 years before Newton was born, by the Kerala school of Calculus. Calculus in Sanskrit was written 4800 years ago.

Newton did NOT have the intelligence to understand Vedic Calculus, as it used Vedic mathematics done with lightening speed. Calculus , in divisive and joining modes was used to monitor and measure Astronomical and Astrological change, without which it is impossible.

The whole world knows about 5000 year old Indian astrology books. Both Newton and Leibniz could NOT appreciate the FRACTAL nature of Vedic Calculus, as there were no computers in that era-- for this you need a fractal mind like that of Aryabhatta or Parameshwaran.

“When Vedic ideas are proved correct, it is just dreaming , come right.    When Western work ( lifted from ancient Vedanta ) is proved right, it is scientific knowledge ” --  Nikola Tesla .

Below: Stupid people have been ridiculing for for crying KERALAAAA   KERALAAAA -  check out this video !



“Gravitation was known to the Hindus (Indians) before the birth of Newton. The system of blood circulation was discovered by them centuries before Harvey was heard of.”   P. Johnstone

ALL THOSE WHO SAY THAT VEDAS ARE MINDLESS COWHERDs VERSES MUST READ THE POST BELOW:-


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/nasadiya-sukta-rig-veda-5000-bc.html

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world.

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy ( in Kerala ), Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.

“The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west. 

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.   

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever.

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.”
 
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD

Now let us jump from the ancient white man stealing to the modern white man stealing.

THIEF Albert Einstein had NOTHING of his own to offer this planet. Every thing he became famous for was lifted from ancient Indian scriptures.



I HAVE TO EXPOUND ON THIEF EINSTEIN IN GREAT DETAIL—ONLY THEN YOU WILL KNOW WHAT GOES ON TODAY .

Jew Albert Einstein with VERY POOR math abilities was planted as a Technical clerk by Jew Rothschild in the Swiss Patents office in 1902. 

Today the R controlled press re-designates him as a TECHNICAL EXPERT .

Einstein’s and Rothschild’s letter correspondences are known by all. There is one in which Einstein thanks Rothschild for his financial donations to Jews in Palestine.

Most of Einstein’s root ideas like ENERGY AND MATTER IS INTER CONVERTIBLE ,  SPACE TIME DILATION etc  were known to other Europeans as these were written down in the Vedas 7000 years ago.
  
Big Brother  controlled media cry from the roof tops that the  subject of the equivalence of mass and energy , contained in a third paper published by Einstein in 1905 ( E=MC^2 ) is THE most spectacular conclusion by a human being—when it was already penned down in the Vedas 7000 year ago.

The 7000 year old Vedic theory that “energy and matter are inter convertible “ was known to THIEF  Newton who has Vedic translations  ("Gross bodies and light are convertible into one another...", 1704). 

Einstein who was poor in Math outsourced his Math to Calcutta University.

He  lifted from several white scientists for polishing his work , all of them more intelligent than him --   Friedrich Hasenöhrl, Joseph JohnThomsom , Walter Kaufmann, Hendrik Antoon Lorentz, Samuel Tolver Preston, Karl Schwarzschild, David Hilbert, Henri Poincaré, Olinto De Pretto, George FitzGerald, James Clerk Maxwell, Alfred Bucherer, Woldemar Voigt,  August Föppl, Joseph Larmor, Emil Cohn, Max von Laue, Gilbert Newton Lewis ,  Richard Chase Tolman , Gauss,  Riemann, William Kingdon Clifford, Ricci, Levi-Civita, Paul Gerbe, Felix Klein, Philipp Eduard Anton von Lenard, Jan Ingenhousz, Josiah Gibbs, Ludwig Boltzmann, Max Planck, Wilhelm Wien, .  etc.

THIEF German Jew Albert Einstein never did a single laboratory experiment. German Jew Rothschild  monopolized peer reviewed magazines played king maker for Jew Einstein. 

The whole scientific world knew that Albert Einstein did not have the laboratory necessary to conduct the appropriate experiments or even knowledge of Math.  Those days you could be eliminated if you stick your neck out too much opposing R stooges ..such was the fear  psychosis.

The truth of space time dilation is mentioned our Vedas 700 years before .  That a twin launched into space on a ship traveling near the speed of light would find on his return that he had aged more slowly than his brother left at the surface.

In fact the Vedas story goes faster than light and the story is more lucid  . How has Einstein found this out , with his poor abilities in Math ? He does NOT have a fractal math brain !

Today the west have acknowledged the brilliance of the Vedic Maharishis. 

In 1976, the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory launched a rocket that carried a clock 6,000 miles away from the ground, where the pull of gravity is weaker.  When the clock returned to the surface, it had sped up -- compared to clocks on the ground -- by about one second every 70 years.  

Time dilation over great distances has also been measured in clocks flown around the world on airplanes and sent to Mars on spacecraft.   Satellites in orbit must compensate for it to keep GPS networks functioning properly.




Let me just quote one of them from Srimad-Bhagavatam 9.3.28-32

There is a story of a king named Kakudmi, who was able to travel to the world of Brahma and experience Brahma’s scale of time.

Taking his own daughter, Revati, Kakudmi went to Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka, which is transcendental to the three modes of material nature, and inquired about a husband for her. When Kakudmi arrived there, Lord Brahma was engaged in hearing musical performances by the Gandharvas and had not a moment to talk with him.

Therefore Kakudmi waited, and at the end of the musical performances he offered his obeisances to Lord Brahma and thus submitted his long-standing desire.

After hearing his words, Lord Brahma, who is most powerful, laughed loudly and said to Kakudmi,--“O King, all those whom you may have decided within the core of your heart to accept as your son-in-law have passed away in the course of time. Twenty-seven catur-yugas have already passed. Those upon whom you may have decided are now gone, and so are their sons, grandsons, and other descendants. You cannot even hear about their names.”

King Kakudmi’s visit to Brahmaloka took 27 times 4,320,000 earth years.  Brahma’s time King Kakudmi’s visit lasted 3,456 seconds, or just under an hour.  The king had had to wait for a musical performance to finish before having a brief conversation with Lord Brahma.

If something travels faster than light, it means that it can penetrate any matter as though it wasn’t there.  Therefore scalar waves pervade all matter and cannot be shielded against by Faraday cages . Vedic healing waves ( lifted by Reiki ) waves pass through the earth.

I will now say that Albert Einstein was biologically INCAPABLE of doing math.  

He outsourced his math to his first wife Serbian Mathematician Mileva Maric (older than him by 4 years ) , Marcel Grossmann,  Satyendranath Bose and the students of Calcutta University—the Indian vice chancellor would be knighted by R in gratitude. 

The whole world knows that Einstein married his first Serbian wife to do his Math. Einstein actually told his close friends and it is his own words. He ditched her when he got a man better than ( Marcel Grossman )  her to do his math.

Mileva told a Serbian friend, "we finished some important work that will make my husband world famous."

She knew that her husband was two timing her with his cousin Elsa Loewenthal, who already had 3 children and whom he had been having sex with on the quiet for 4 years .  Sex maniac Einstein was also servicing  Margarete,  Estella, Ethel, two women both named Toni, Betty —and several others .

In 1916 Einstein demanded a divorce and Mileva collapsed on the spot, never to recover again. Her sister Zorka came to nurse her—even she went into depression knowing the enormity of Einstein’s deceit and selfishness . Zorka would be in a mental sanatorium for two years.   

Albert Einstein agreed to sign over to Maric any future Nobel Prize money as part of the divorce settlement—for he knew that she would spill the beans about his poor mathematical brain.

Mileva Maric was 44, divorced, and bedridden . She was the quintessential curry leaf . His sons  Hans Albert 15 and  Eduard 9 were in deep depression-- their tiny worlds were ripped asunder ! 

Before marriage Einstein referred to Mileva as "a creature who is my equal and who is as strong and independent as I am"—and that he is embarking on an intellectual partnership.  The original manuscript of the “The Theory of Relativity” submitted for publication had Maric's name on it as co-author.

In 1919  observations of a solar eclipse proved the General Theory of Relativity. Rothschild controlled media went on over drive.   Rothschild’s Newspapers ran banner headlines: "Men of Science More or Less Agog."

 "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies", was published on June 30, 1905.  While developing this paper, Einstein wrote to his wife Mileva about "OUR work on relative motion".  This evil man disowned her  .  This paper introduced the special theory of relativity, a theory of time, distance, mass and energy which was consistent with electromagnetism, but omitted the force of gravity

Albert Einstein  40, a world-famous figure -- a super star-- and had a new wife. 
  
Eduard would become mad and be institutionalized medically for schizophrenia and died in a mental asylum. Hans became a professor of hydraulic engineering at the University of California, Berkeley, having NIL interaction with his famous father.

Einstein did NOT have children with his second wife.   His first illegitimate child just disappeared. See how god strikes back !

Albert Einstein lied all his life about his first "illegitimate" girl child Lieserl.  He did this most foul  and unpardonable thing  to his own child, just so that society should think well of him, as a man of integrity .

Einstein died alone, unloved .  His second wife had caught him two timing her with Betty Neumann.
Einstein died at a hospital in Princeton, New Jersey, on April 18, 1955, with only a nurse present at his deathbed. She said that just before his death he mumbled several words in German that she did not understand.

He was cremated without ceremony ( for such a super star ) on the same day he died at Trenton, New Jersey, in accordance with his wishes, as he had become a Hindu for mental peace . His ashes were scattered at an undisclosed location.

In 1919, during a total solar eclipse, Sir Arthur Eddington performs the first experimental test of Albert Einstein’s general theory of relativity. 

This theory just repeats what is in our vedas  that space and time were relative, forming a four-dimensional continuum called spacetime and warping of space time due to gurutwakarshan.  

Einstein had lifted from the Vedas that  light should not travel in a perfectly straight line.  Light rays are warped by an object’s gravitational field. 

Since Newton had in possession this Vedic information, he too predicted ( sic )  light would bend due to gravity,  but only by half as much as Einstein’s theory predicted.

The bending of light around massive objects is now known as gravitational lensing . This is how we were able to note the existence of stars behind the sun in our ancient scriptures which deal with astronomy .

The original manuscript of the “The Theory of Relativity” submitted for publication had his Serbian wife Mileva Maric's name on it as co-author. 

Albert Einstein was a hoax and fraud saddled on this planet by Rothschild to promote Jews as being a superior race, sort of Nazism in reverse, to show the middle finger to Hitler and “Aryan” Germans.

Einstein was planted in the Swiss Patent’s office with an assurance that as long as he copies ideas , without  copying it verbatim, the R monopolized peer reviewed magazines  would make sure he is in the clear.  

Through out his life Einstein had made outlandish remarks on science subjects.    Many brilliant scientists suspected him to be a moron, but then how could the entire media and peer reviewed magazines ( all secretly controlled by R ) be wrong?    And they had the gut feeling that it was better to remain quiet out of self preservation .

They all knew that by 1904, everything in "Einstein's paper" regarding the Special Theory of Relativity had already been published.  

In Einstein's 1905 papers was the photon theory of light. The photoelectric effect is the release of electrons from certain metals or semiconductors by the action of light- that light is emitted and absorbed in finite packets called quanta.    But then all this was already explained by Wilhelm Wein and Max Planck.   The photoelectric effect had been explained by Heinrich Hertz in 1888 and Philipp Lenard too.

After the plagiarized 1905 papers of Einstein were published, the entire scientific community just kept quiet , such was R’s clout .

R’s peer reviewed media  could destroy anybody’s career –nad if things did not work out there would be more severe retribution .   Einstein coolly continued his job at the patent office until 1909 .

In 1912, Einstein outsources his Math .  He got his gravitational theory proved in terms of  recently developed Calculus, which was conducive to understanding relativity.  His brain could NOT handle advanced Calculus.  This his General Theory of Relativity, which he would publish in 1915.

By the way , as I said -- Calculus was NOT invented by Isaac Newton.  This thief just lifted it from an ancient Indian Math book.

The General Theory of Relativity applied the principles of relativity to the cosmos . This was basically about the gravitational pull of planets and the general principle that light rays bend as they pass by a massive object.

Einstein published an initial draft paper in 1913 based upon the work which Marcel Grossmann (  his Math man ) did, adapting the math of Berhard Riemann to Relativity.  But this paper was filled with errors and the conclusions were incorrect.

Einstein published his correct General Theory of Relativity in 1915. 

All knew that Einstein contributed NOTHING original to the field of quantum mechanics, nor any other science.   They knew that Einstein stole the ideas of others,  and the R-controlled media made him a 'star'.

The Encyclopedia Britannica says of Einstein's early education that he "showed little scholastic ability."  It also says that at the age of 15, "with poor grades in history, geography, and languages, he left school with no diploma”.   In 1895, Einstein failed a simple entrance exam to an engineering school in Zurich.

This exam consisted mainly of mathematical problems, and Einstein showed himself to be mathematically inept in this exam.   Einstein was sent to the Swiss Federal Polytechnic School (now known as the Eidge nösiche Technische Hochschule, or ETH) by the Rothschild banking syndicate.   

When Einstein FAILED in the admission test, Rothschild PULLED STRINGS and got him admitted.
Before the second world war, in 1940, a group of German physicists met at Austria declared that the emperor is NOT wearing clothes-  pissing of R.

They declared-
“ Much before Einstein, Aryan scientists like Lorentz, Hasenöhrl, Poincaré, etc., had created the foundations of the theory of relativity. The Jewry monopolized  media did not promote the work of these men  or the  work of David Hilbert, but instead they promoted the work of the Jew Albert Einstein”

All know that Albert Einstein, he did not discover theories; he just commandeered them, like Edison
There is substantial evidence that Albert Einstein did not write this 1905 paper on the "principle of relativity" alone.   He gave his stolen ideas to his wife, “Mileva Einstein-Marity” and today in this internet age free of R shackles , all suspect that she alone was the  author, of the work

Almost all the letters of Mileva's letters to her husband Albert were destroyed, with there being no more likely reasons for their destruction, than to hide her contribution and the fact that the Einstein works were NOT original.

On May 29th 1919, during the eclipse of the Sun, light from distant stars passing close to the Sun was observed to bend according to the theory.  This is written in our Vedas 7000 years ago.



Almost every western scientist of value knew this.  This evidence supported the General Theory of Relativity, and R monopolized media immediately made  Einstein  a GOD.

Using this solar eclipse for leverage , Einstein's earlier 1905 papers were now EXHUMED and Einstein was tom tommed as the fountain head of every idea he had  stolen.   R pulled strings and got Einstein the Nobel prize in 1922. 

In between 1919 and 1922 R monopolized media ran an endless propaganda campaign.  An R stooge Arthur Eddington, with Dyson and Davidson were chosen to photograph the solar eclipse of 1919. The day was rainy and all know that nothing of value materialized. But all knew the results.

All knew that that Eddington doctored the solar eclipse data to make the results conform to "Einstein's" dealy ORIGINAL work on general relativity. All knew that Eddington was not familiar with the basic tenets of science and qualified for the job.

When arm twisted by some scientists Eddington told tongue in cheek-- "May 29 began with heavy rain, which stopped only about noon. Not until 1.30 pm when the eclipse had already begun did the party get its first glimpse of the sun: 'We had to carry out our programme of photographs on faith...'"

Hey, but for the Internet age nobody would have ever known all this.

He just went though the motions- nay-- played to the gallery, like the judge who asked a witness to identify mega star Salman Khan in court.  His selective presentation of data from the 1919 eclipse which supported "Einstein's" general relativity theory is  the BIGGEST HOAX  of the 20th century.  


When asked about the hoax perpetrated in the name of science , Eddington was not to be deterred:  He spAke , with R instilled confidence.  "It looked as though the effort, so far as the Principe expedition was concerned, might have been abortive"; "We developed the photographs, two each night for six nights after the eclipse... The cloudy weather upset my plans and I had to treat the measures in a different way from what I intended; consequently I have not been able to make any preliminary announcement of the result"

SIR Arthur Stanley Eddington was rewarded by R. He was knighted, a Lunar crater was named after him as well as the asteroid 2761, and he received the Royal Medal of the Royal Society.

The entire world Physics community watched silently .  They wittingly perhaps, were engaged in a  silent conspiracy, just by being fearful bystanders . Their silence converted  Einstein's from man to god..  The physics community who were loud and vocal in singing the praises of Einstein received billions in R controlled research grants. 

The silent ones were spared of future agony.

Even today on the Internet, HASBARAS viciously attack anybody who exposes this fraud—by calling them anti-semitic.  AIPAC and ADL will take them to the cleaners.

The R controlled media and Hollywood still in a super-alert mode endlessly downplays negative news and put a positive spin on Einstein related matters.  

It was strange that after Einstein was promoted to the rank of the “god of science” in 1919, he did NOT do any more plagiarizing .  He now was a mostly mouth piece of Zionism.  He did publish a few works after 1919, but only lent his name to the co- author. 

All knew that Einstein had nothing to do with the research.  He did NOT even understand the work .  It was just be be in the limelight as a deadly brain, still functional.

When hounded by some scientists about his views on  plagiarism , in his 1907 paper, Einstein wrote:
"It appears to me that it is the nature of the business that what follows has already been partly solved by other authors. Despite that fact, since the issues of concern are here addressed from a new point of view, I am entitled to leave out a thoroughly pedantic survey of the literature..."

With this pregnant statement, Einstein declared that plagiarism, when NOT copied verbatim and suitably re-packaged, is hunky dory..

In 1921, Einstein went to USA sponsored by R agents for a fund- raising tour for the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.   In April of 1922, R wrangled a  membership for him in a Commission of the League of Nations.   In  1923, Einstein made a high profile visit to Jerusalem—the ancient land of the Jews ( sic ).

Not many people know that in 1952, Einstein, who had been instrumental in carving out the State of Israel, was offered the presidency of Israel..

Nikola Tesla the No 1 super genius of this planet had publicly said the Einstein is a fake - just like Edison.  Till Einstein died R media had a hard time filtering out his stupid statements.   

Why do you thing Stephen Hawking is touted by R media as the second Einstein?   Because this man keeps praising Einstein.   

He still vehemently supports from his wheel chair , the discredited solar eclipse experiment at West Africa in 1919, by Eddington –along with David Levy..  He suffers from bad karma. 

The doctored data of this solar eclipse of 1919 converted Einstein, to the most intelligent man on planet earth—like how Mother Teresa is the biggest saint on earth.   

See Einstein is beyond all scientific protocol by R’s decree

In 1939 and two years later, R extracted his pound of flesh.  R asked Einstein to write 2  letters to US President Roosevelt urging him to make an atomic bomb to be used on Germany .  This fizzled out , as the English royalty had German blood.


It took a great effort by Leo Szilard and Eugene Wignerto to explain the the concept of the atomic bomb to dim-wit Einstein, before he could write the letter to US President Roosevelt.

Einstein was a R communist cell member with spy Klaus Fuchs, who was a critical scientist on the Manhattan Project

Nobody till today asked why  Einstein would have no part in the actual construction of the bomb, theoretical or practical. The reason touted by R media is that Einstein was a pacifist ( sic ). The truth is this moron lacked the skills for either.

See,  E=MC^2 formula belong to Einstein— it is etched on the cosmos by R media –like 6 million Jews dead-- — if you contest it you will be sued for being anti-Semitic - it is a crime to tell the truth about the history of the special theory of relativity?

In 1921 Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, "for his services to Theoretical Physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect". This refers to his 1905 paper on the photoelectric effect.  

Many a time when caught with his pants down cheating , he would strike back with sarcasm.  For example, in 1931 a book was published entitled "100 Authors against Einstein" in which Einstein's theories were refuted.  

Einstein's comment: "If I was really wrong one author should have been enough.".   Einstein never responded to the criticism in this book—reason ? He could not !.

In his defense Einstein wrote a  personal note to Hilbert in 1943, just before his death, claiming that, “It is not my intention to claim the work of others…” – probably alluding to BIG BROTHERS HAND .

JEW REULARLY DIPPED INTO THE PATENTS OFFICE  ( BRAIN BANK ) CONTROLLED BY ROTHSCHILD.    

ONCE YOUR THESIS IS DELIBERATELY REJECTED , EITHER THEY WAITED FOR YOU TO DIE OR KILLED YOU— AND THEN YOUR WORK WOULD BE PASSED ON TO A JEW , JUST TO PROVE JEWS ARE MORE BRAINY..

Albert Einstein, just lifted and commandeered all his award winning theories.  


Today all know that R controlled and pay rolled the editors at Annalen der Physik—and of course owned and maneuvered the Swiss patent office. 

I challenge any genius Jew, (and Stephen Hawking too )  on this planet  to come to India and take an IQ test LIVE on TV – 

-- with an illiterate boy ( I will choose ) on the streets from any Indian city aged over 16.


STOP PRESS:

Nobel prize winner ( with a Rothschild wife ) Amartya Sen,  SA Aiyar and Mani Shangaran Aiyaran went for dinner at a posh restaurant .

The soup arrived .

Slimy Mani took the pepper shaker ( which said pepper on its cap ) and shook –and what came out was salt—making his soup too salty..

Slimy Mani put all the blame on Narendra Modi and his ACHECHE DIN..

So the SA Aiyar and Amartya Sen, the world famous Rothschild stooge economists took it upon themselves to correct the situation.

They debated for half an hour—with Mani Shangaran Aiyaran offering this two paise worth every few seconds..

Every sentence would start with I BELIEVE –we must do this I BELIEVE we must do that.

Almost like OM at the beginning of a mantra.


Pretty soon they came up with a brilliant solution involving a napkin, 2 spoons, a straw, and an empty saucer. They called the waitress over to dazzle her with their brilliance.


“Ma'am," Amartya Sen cried , frothing from the corner of his moth ( as usual )- " WE BELIEVE that the pepper shaker contains salt . WE BELIEVE that the salt shaker contains pepper."

But before his could finish his stammering , the illiterate waitress leant over and in a smart movement interchanged the caps of the shakers.

She just walked away.

TEE HEEEEE !

capt ajit vadakayil

..



This story in blue font below is full of wisdom.

An man with average IQ and commonsense can churn out at least 15 morals to the story within 15 minutes.

 A genius will get more than 30 morals .    

Hey genius Stephen Hawkins  –wanna try ?

Take this simple test and find out where you stand----

There was this sparrow, pretty but headstrong and sharp tongued 

She got fed up with her lot and tried flying high 

For long she flew higher and higher with gay abandon 

Suddenly her wings froze and she fell to mother earth in a tail spin 

A passing lion saw her , and took pity on the frozen bird 

He had promises to keep , and miles to go before he could sleep 

The kind lion shat on the sparrow , to thaw her 

Her beak thawed first--  she heaped abuses on the lion for crapping on her


A passing fox heard the din, walked past the lion , and ate the sparrow.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/super-panchatantra-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


Rothschild monopolized all “peer reviewed magazines” , scientific journals and “patent granting houses”.   An unsolicited  series, entitled “Revelations on the Jews” superior intelligence, was launched by the Jews in 1995. 

Muslims constitute 24.1% of this planet’s population while Jews are a mere 0.19%.   But Muslim got only 7 Nobel prizes while Jews got 194  .

The few Nobel prizes given to Muslims were vulgar rewards for throwing muck at Islam or to crypto Jews with Muslim names like Malala .

It is the Jew’s immoral shrewdness and inherent cunningness which took him places. 

In good western Universities where there is real entrance competition in Computer Science , Electronics etc there are NO Jews.

In Indian dharma we prefer to be losers that be IMMORAL thiefs.

JEW NOBEL PRIZE WINNERS :
Chemistry (36 prize winners, 21% of world total, 32% of US total)
Economics (29 prize winners, 39% of world total, 50% of US total)
Literature (14 prize winners, 13% of world total, 27% of US total)
Peace (9 prize winners, 9% of world total, 10% of US total)
Physics (51 prize winners, 26% of world total, 37% of US total)
Physiology or Medicine (55 prize winners, 27% of world total, 39% of US total)

13 October 1918 Srinivasan Ramanujan became the first Indian to be elected a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.

Many bad things happened to Ramanujan in Cambridge, including his work getting stolen. Being a simpleton and a gentleman he kept quiet. Just like Nikola Tesla he would keep the proofs in his head. 

He did NOT make any notebook jottings while he was in England. Whatever he work was published , that was it. He published 21 papers there, five of which had GH Hardy’s name as partner –though Hardy did nothing..

It took a while for him to catch on.  His British sponsors would take a solved theorem from him, and pass it on to some Jew in Poland. 

Then it would be quickly translated to Polish, and the next week, Ramanujam would be asked " Have you heard of a Polish Mathematician by the name of so and so-- because he has done the same work, last year!"

The whole world knows about the LOST NOTE BOOK OF RAMANUJAN ( a wikipedia topic ) . 

This lost work included detailed work on Vedic sciences of  Fractals, predictive modelling of String Theory, worm holes, Golden ratios, faster than light interstellar travel, Mandalas of microcosm and macrocosm like the Fractal Sri Yantra.  

Ramanujan’s deep understanding of Cosmic Consciousness, Fractal connectivity of the Cosmos , fractal collective sub conscious , Akashic memories, Portals, Fractal effect on Gravity for the Theory of everything -TOE, ,  were reflected in his lost work.

He could pour his heart out only to his wife and they were honourable and dignified people , NOT prone to making allegations.  Even if he felt aggrieved whom was he gonna complain to. Even a letter took 2 months to reach.

Even honourable Nikola Tesla did not make allegations , though he knew the role of Rothschild agent JP Morgan and those who burned down his lab and how Edison and Marconi stole his work.

It is rumoured that the military was behind this lost book, and that Ramanujan was poisoned. All peer reviewed magazines did propaganda that Ramanujan was made of weak stock, and that he had lost couple of brothers and sisters at childbirth. 

By 2.5 years in England Ramanujan started having strange illnesses which affected his thinking process . No English hospital could diagnose the illness. And he did NOT have the money  of sponsors to give him expensive medical attention.

It must be remembered , that Ramanujan was a guest of Cambridge and they had responsibilities , at least to make sure he got his vegetarian food. Ramanujan died of a strange disease  in Kumbakonam India on April 26, 1920—which the British said was Tuberculosis..

 Ramanujan’s  widow, S. Janaki Ammal, lived in Chennai (formerly Madras) until her death in 1994. During his funeral this shy and simple woman who got married to him at the age of 9, broke down in sheer grief and told some of Ramanujan’s well wishers that her husband has told her that several of his papers were stolen in England.

The lost notebook ( just some 87 loose paper sheets , rest about Fractals were stolen) of valuable work done in India in his final year of his life, was finally found by George Andrews in 1976 in England at Wren Library of Trinity college . But for the Internet nobody would have known these things.

All his published works has a English parasite attached.  Like Hardy-Ramanujan, Dougall-Ramanujan, Landau Ramanujan etc. Ramanujan’s note books cover the results and theorems about Hyper geometric series, Elliptic functions, Bernoulli’s numbers, Divergent Series, Continued fractions, Elliptic modular equations, Highly Composite numbers, Riemann Zeta functions, Partition of numbers, Mock-theta functions etc


CHECK OUT BELOW HOW JEW MARCONI STOLE THE WORK OF JAGADISH CHANDRA BOSE 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/jagadish-chandra-bose-nobel-prize-and.html


I HAVE DIGRESSED FOR TOO LONG—

- JUST TO TELL YOU HOW THE WHITE INVADER LIDTED CONCEPTS FROM OUR ANCIENT SCRIPTURES, PATENTED THEM IN THEIR NAMES AND THEN INJECTED POISON TO MAKE INDIANS LOOK LIKE MONKEYs.

Hindu Dharma teaches us NOT to exploit vulnerability.

I will now come back to ARTHA .


Couple of years ago, I was watching the NEWS HOUR DEBATE ( fish market ) on TV.

There were two groups –Indians and Pakistanis –all military retired generals / admirals etc trading charges – as to who attacked over the border and who defended.

The Indians were winning hands down.

Suddenly a Pakistani Admiral checkmated Indians and shouted “  YOU INDIANS HAVE CHEAT CHANAKYA AS YOUR ROLE MODEL.  YOU HINDUS NEVER FIGHT FAIR  .  WE MUSLIMS FIGHT WITH HONOUR .CHALA ABHI DHOLAK BHAJAO “

The Indian party looked terribly embarrassed –they looked like cats who were caught by their house masters dragging in some dead frog or snake into the home.

A belligerent Indian General with a handle bar moustache –looked as if his mustache drooped like a reverse handlebar.

NOTHING COULD BE FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH.

Chanakya was a highly respected and honourable Namboodiri professor from Kerala who taught Math, Surgery, Astronomy and Ayurveda at Taxila university, when Alexander the Great invader India 2300 years ago.


It was necessary for the white historian t run him down as all the Greek Satraps were driven away from India by Kings who were advised by Chanakya.   It would be most convenient to do propaganda that Chanakya was a cheat and he always hit below the belt.  

The white invader cooked up a BAD name for Chanakya , -Kautilya , which in Sanskrit means “one who is very cunning” ( in a bad way ).


Shivoham
September 19, 2015 at 12:52 PM
Hi capt,

Suppose a person have accumulated only good karma through good deeds/morality,Isn't he eligible only for heaven and not moksha?Since Moksha requires NIL(neither positive nor negative) karmic baggage? Is it advisable for that person to do wrong deeds to nullify it?

Does morality leads to moksha?

My conscience WAS totally f****d up reading Osho. I am unlearning all his concepts on morality and others too.


ReplyDelete
Replies
####################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 19, 2015 at 3:03 PM
hi s,

THERE IS GOD INSIDE EVERY LIVING THING --AS A BALL OF ENERGY KNOWN AS SOUL.

THIS  SOUL IS A SPLINTER PART OF BRAHMaN ( GOD )-- THIS IS WHY WE DO NAMASTE.

WE PROTECT THE PLANTS AND ANIMALS.

THERE IS NO HEAVEN IN HINDUISM—

THERE IS NO HELL IN HINDUISM.

WHEN YOU GET MOKSHA - YOUR SOUL MERGES BACK NAY REUNITES WITH THE SUPREME CREATOR ( THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD ).

NOW YOU ARE REFINED AND YOU HAVE MERGED BACK WITH THE ORIGINAL FIELD CALLED VAIKUNTA.

YOU ARE NOW GOD.

SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA IN 2000 BC , NO HINDU HAS UNDERSTOOD SANATANA DHARMA.

YOU ARE GIVEN CHANCES TO LESSEN YOUR KARMIC BAGGAGE ONCE YOU BECOME HUMAN.   THIS IS WHY GOD HAS GIVEN YOU FREE WILL.

GOD DOES NOT PUNISH ANIMALS WITH BAD KARMA-- AS ANIMALS BEHAVE ON PURE SURVIVAL INSTINCTS.

ONCE YOU BECOME HUMAN YOU DO NOT GO BACK TO BEING AN ANIMAL BY BAAD KARMA.

IT IS OBVIOUS ALL ARE NOT BORN EQUAL— SOME ARE BRAINY AND HANDSOME,  SOME ARE UGLY AND RETARDED .    

OBVIOUSLY THERE IS A DIVINE REASON FOR THIS , RIGHT ?

NEXT IN LINE TO BECOME HUMAN ARE A HANDFUL OF CONSCIOUS MAMMALS WHO CAN SEE IN COLOUR AND WHO CAN PASS THE MIRROR TEST.

YOUR DOG OR CAT DOES NOT SEE COLOUR- THEY CANNOT SEE THEMSELVES IN A MIRROR.

INDIAN ELEPHANTS IN TEMPLES, DOLPHINS, BONOBOS  etc CAN PASS COLOUR AND MIRROR TEST.

THERE ARE APES AND GORRILLAS WHO PASS PARTIALLY.

THIS IS EVOLUTION.

NOT THE WAY ROTHCHILD STOOGE MAD MAN CHARLES DARWIN ENVISAGED.

WE ALL WERE BORN WITH IN THE SAME MICROSECOND ,  WITH THE STARS . WHAT YOU SEE IN THE MIRROR IS NOT YOU, YOU ARE YOUR SOUL . . .

YOU GRANDFATHER , YOU, AND YOUR GRANDSON WAS BORN AT THE SAME MICRO SECOND!

WHEN YOU DIE, AND IF YOU HAVE NOT GOT MOKSHA YOUR SOUL IS PARKED ON ANY OF THE BOTTOM 6 ASTRAL LAYERS-- CORRESPONDING TO THE LOWEST 6 CHAKRAS  

NOW FAKE GURUS WHO PEEK INTO MY BLOGS DAILY--WILL REPACKAGE IT AND PATENT IT --AND MILK HINDUISM.

capt ajit vadakayil


..

hi d,

SANATANA DHARMA IS ALL ABOUT SOUND OF MUSIC.

THE COSMOS IS AN AMAZING MUSIC CONCERT-- IN PERRFFECCTTTTT  RHYTHM . .

THE MAHARISHIS KNEW THE EARTH'S HEART BEAT AND CALLED IT OM ( 7.83 HERTZ ) FELT BY THE HEART CHAKRA .

THE MAHARISHIS KNEW THE MUSICAL HARMONIC OF THE COSMOS HEARD BY THE EAR AND RESONATED BY HEART CHAKRA ( 136.1 HERTZ ) AND SCALAR WAVE ABSORBING  INNER EAR  GOLDEN SPIRAL COCHLEA , AND CALLED IT MUSICAL NOTE  SA -

A BEE MAKES AN AMAZING LOVELY AND STRONG BEE HIVE JUST BY SOUND . . .

THE SRI YANTRA WHICH CONTAINS THE THEORY OF EVERYTHING FORMS INSIDE WATER IN 3D WHEN OM IS UTTERED - AND THE AAKASHA OPENS UP PORTALS BY WORMHOLES . . .

HINDUISM HAS NOT BEEN UNDERSTOOD BY ANYBODY ON THIS PLANET SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA 4000 YEARS AGO- THE LAST MORTAL TO HAVE A 12 STRAND DNA.

I WOULD CALL EVEN SERBIAN NIKOLA TESLA A MODERN MAHARISHI--  A MAN WHO KNEW THE SECRETS OF THE LONGITUDINAL SCALAR WAVE . . .

WHY DO YOU THINK I DEDICATED MY FIRST POST AMONG 900 TO HIM?

WHEN I ENCOUNTERED THE WORLDs MOST POWERFUL STORM , I WAS AN ATHEIST.

I DARED THE SUPER TYPHOON TO DO ITS WORST . .. TOOK THE STORM ON BY USING THE WISDOM OF A STORY OF THE ANCIENT PANCHATANTRA - WIND AND THE MOUNTAIN . . .

MT CREW TRUSTED ME - I HAD A FAMILY BACK HOME TOO.

TRUTH DAWNED , I DID NOT CARE FOR MY WHITE BRITISH BOSSES ASHORE -- THEIR THREATS WERE LIKE A RUN DOWN TORCH THREATENING THE SUN ..

THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO A MUCH MALIGNED HINDUISM-

THERE IS NOT ONE SINGLE SUPERSTITION IN SANATANA DHARMA . .

I HAVE THE ADVANTAGE OF QUANTUM PHYSICS OVER ALL THE SANSKRIT KNOWLEDGE LANGUAGE INDOPHILE EXPERTS-

CAN AN ENGLISH LANGUAGE EXPERT BE AN EXPERT IN ALL BOOKS WRITTEN IN ENGLISH LANGUAGE?

HELL NO !

MANTRAS CAN CURE HOMOSEXUALITY , GREED, JEALOUSY , NEGATIVITY -- IT IS ALL ABOUT THE DNA.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/super-typhoon-bart-perfect-storm-capt.html

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
SANATANA DHARMA , HINDUISM EXHUMED AND RESURRECTED, PART 2 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THIS POST IS CONTINUED FROM PART 1 BELOW  -

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/09/sanatana-dharma-hinduism-exhumed-and.html


Artha Shastra of Chanakya (manuscript  ) of the 4th-century BC was unearthed from a dusty heap of palm-leaf manuscripts, by scholar Rudrapatnam Shamasastry who published it in 1909.

The whole western world went GA GA.

This manuscript though falling apart in pieces was NOT more than 200 years old.    It was a copy of the original and it was injected with poison by the white invader to make Chanakya a personwithout character and Dharma.

Even today desh drohi Indians gather at literery fests and discuss what a slimy cheat Chanakya was –and who ever thows maximum mud gets invited to Zionist embassy dinners and wrangle Zionist awards.

Have you heard of Ashwin Sanghi? 

Well he wrote the book Chanakya's Chant (2010). 

The NEW WORLD ORDER is  so happy with him that they have included him in their Forbes India Celebrity 100.   He has also been hailed as the Indian Dan Brown. 

Why not ?

I quote him “  The year is 340 BC. A hunted, haunted Brahmin youth vows revenge for the gruesome murder of his beloved father. Cold, cunning, calculating, cruel and armed with a complete absence of accepted morals— BLAH  BLAH   -- Modern India happens to be just as driven as ancient Bharat by class hatred, corruption and divisive politics   “.

Hey,  Ashwin Sanghi bhaiyya you forgot about rape and dowry harassment .


German Jew Rothschild the ruler of India , was in possession of originals of both Arthashastra and Niti Shastra since the masked horsemen raid at Sringeri Mutt –it is so obvious.    The FAKE and poison injected Arthashastra and Nitishastra was made from this .

The false flag attack on Sringeri Mutt happened in 1791 using their masked horsemen of the mercenary Laman regiment.  Laman is son of Lehi for the Jews.  Lehi is the “warrior for Jerusalem”

Poor Tipu Sutan got blamed for it, and he vehemently kept denying it.  He blamed the Chitpavan Jew led Marathas . To prove that he did NOT do it, he even made handsome donations to Sringeri  mutt..to save himself. 

This made fake historians write that Tipu Sultan was a great friend of Hindus. Nothing could be further from the truth.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html



It is clear how Rudrapatnam Shamasastry (1868–1944)  , a Sanskrit scholar and librarian at the Oriental Research Institute Mysore “discovered” this poison injected manuscript.   

He is touted to have discovered ( sic ) Arthashasta in 1905, and published an English translation of the Arthashastra in 1915 AD.  ..  

After Rothschild got Tipu Sultan murdered in1799, and carted away his enormous quantity of gold ( Kerala temple gold ) he re-installed the Wodeyar dynasty ruler who was in jail. Even today the world does NOT know how Rothschild suddenly got rich in 1799.


The German Jews made an as out of Mysore king  Krishnaraja Wodeyar went to Germany . A Jew got up and asked the king  "Are you from our Dr. R. Shamashastry's Mysore?"  

The king was clean bowled. He had never heard of Rudrapatnam Shamasastry or the world wide fame of the POISON INJECTED Arthashasta .  

The king came rushing back to have a darshan of Dr. R. Shamashastry, and promptly anointed him as Asthana Vidwan.

The contents of the original Arthashastra were being using by the white man and they patented several books on political science. Western secret agencies had lifted out of this original Arthashasta.


With massive publicity given to the POISON INJECTED Arthashastra , the whole Zionist world painted Chanakya as a evil man without scruples and character. 

So, so EVIL Chanakya’s  deceit was how the brown man drove away the superior white man.  Greek satraps who were ruling various kingdoms ( after Alexander’s death ) were defeated by Chandra Gupta Maurya ONLY by cheating  and guile— NOT honorable warfare .

The truth is Chankaya advocated moderation in material pleasures and strict adherence to the path of righteousness.  He himself set an example of shunning hedonism, and lived an exemplary life , refusing all adornments or riches even after establishing the first mighty Indian empire. 

His constant exhortation to give up sensory pleasures, and cultivate qualities like kindness, patience etc may sound hypocritical coming from a man who overthrew governments.   But there was NO hypocrisy here . 

Today in the internet age, Indian know his timeless wisdom, his farsightedness, keenness of perception, and infallibility

 The Mauryas never annexed Kerala as it was the land of Namboodiri Chanakya, the man who created the empire. In any case the Cheras (Kerala ) were hard to conquer due to the martial Kalari tradition .

LIKE MANU , CHANKAYA HAS BEEN CONVERTED TO A BIGOT AND AN EVIL PERSON,  BY THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE AND FOR SOUL HARVESTING , ASSISTED BY INDIAN STOOGES LIKE BR AMBEDKAR AND EVR PERIYAR .

LET ME LIST OUT A FEW EVIL UTTERENCES ATTRIBUTED TO CHANAKYA.

Let me give a few ORIGINAL and UNpoisoned quotes -

क्षमया दयया प्रेम्णा सूनृतेनार्जवेन च।
वशीकुर्याज्जगत्सर्वं विनयेन च सेवया ॥

Kshamayaa dayayaa premnaa soonritenaarjavena cha
Vasheekuryaajjagatsarvam vinayena cha sevayaa

One can bring the whole world under one’s influence (power) by such sterling qualities as patience (or forgiveness), kindness, love, truth, straightforwardness, humility and service.


दृष्टिपूतं न्येसेत्पादं वस्त्रपूतं जलं पिबेत्।
सत्यपूतम् वदेद्वाचं मनःपूतं समाचरेत् ॥

Drishtipootam nyaset paadam vastrapootam jalam pibet
Satyapootaam vadet vaaacham manahpootam samaacharet

Step on a place after seeing that it is clean, drink water after filtering it through a piece of cloth, utter your words purified by truth, do such deeds which, your conscience says, are good.


शान्तितुल्यं तपो नास्ति न संतोषात् परं सुखं ।
न तृष्णाया  परो व्याधिर्न च धर्मो दया समः ॥

Shaantitulyam tapo naasti na santoshaat param sukham
Na trishnaayaah paro vyaadhirna cha dharmo dayaa samah

No penance is equal to peace of mind (tranquility); no happiness is equal to contentment; no illness is equal to greed and no dharma is equal to kindness.



नास्ति विद्यासमं चक्षुर्नास्ति सत्यसमं तपः।
नास्ति रागसमं दु:खं नास्ति त्यागसमं सुखं॥

Nasti vidyaasamam chakshurnaasti satyasamam tapah
Naasti raagasamam dukham naasti tyaagasamam sukham

There is no eye(vision) equal to learning;  there is no tapas (penance) equal to truth;  there is no sorrow equal to desire or attachment; there is no happiness equal  sacrifice.


स जीवति गुणा यस्य धर्मो यस्य स जीवति ।
गुणधर्मविहीनस्य जीवनं निष्प्रयोजनम्     ॥

Sa jeevati gunaa yasya dharmo yasya sa jeevati
Gunadharmaviheenasya jeevanam nishprayojanam

He lives who has good qualities.  He also lives who has dharma. The life of one who has neither good qualities nor dharma is without any purpose.


परोपकरणं येषां जागर्ति हृदये सतां।
नश्यन्ति विपदस्तेषां सम्पद: स्युः पदे पदे ॥

Paropakaranam yeshaam jaagarti hridaye sataam
Nashyanti vipadasteshaam sampadah syuh pade pade

For those noble souls in whose heart arise the thoughts of helping others there is no adversity and sorrow;  prosperity and happiness embrace them at every step.



न पश्यति च जन्मान्धः कामान्धो नैव पश्यति ।
न पश्यति मदोन्मतो ह्यर्थि दोषात् न पश्यति ॥

na pashyati cha janmaandhaH kaamaandhau naiva pashyati
na pashyati madomato hyaarthi doShaam na pashyati

A blind person can not see, nor can a person blinded by lust; person blinded by wealth can not see, nor does an arrogant see his faults.



शरीरस्य गुणानां च दूरमत्यन्तमन्तरम्      ।
शरीरं क्षणविध्वंसि कल्पान्तस्थायिनो गुणाः ॥

Shareerasya gunaanaam cha dooramatyantamantaram
Shareeram kshanavidhwamsi kalpaantasthaayino gunaah

There is considerable distance betwwen the body and good qualities.  The body can die any minute but the good qualities stay for many many ages (Persons are remembered for their good qualities even after death,  not for their bodily features).



धनानि जीवितश्चैव परार्थे प्राज्ञ उत्सृजेत्
सन्निमित्ते वरं त्यागो विनाशे नियते सति

Dhanaani jeevitashchaiva paraarthe praajna utsrijet
Sannimitte varam tyaago vinaashe niyate sati

Wise men should given up wealth and even life for the sake of others. Wealth and life are sure to be lost by their very nature. Therefore sacrificing these  for a good cause is better than losing them  wihout benefit to anyone.



मातृवत्परदारेषु परद्रव्येषु लोष्टवत्।
आत्मवत्सर्वभूतेषु यः पश्यति स पण्डितः॥

Matrivatparadaareshu paradraqvyeshu loshtavat
Aatmavatsarvabhooteshu yah pashyati sa panditah

One who looks upon other men’s wives as mother, other people’s wealth as a lump of clay and all living beings as the Self is the real Pandita (wise and learned person



शान्तितुल्यं तपो नास्ति न सन्तोषात्परं सुखम् ।
न तृष्णायाः परो व्यधिर्न च धर्मो दयापरः ॥

shaantitulya.n tapo naasti na santoShatpara.n sukham
na tRRiShNaayaaH paro vyaadhirna cha dharmo dayaaparaH

There is no penance better than peace, no happiness better than satisfaction, there is no desease worse than greed, and no better dharma than kindness.



त्यज दुर्जनसंसर्गं भज साधुसमागमं।
कुरुपुण्यमहोरात्रं स्मर नित्यमनित्यताम् ॥

Tyaja durjanasamsargam bhaja saadhusamaagamam
Kurupunyamahoraatram smara nityamanityataam

Abandon the company of evil men, associate with good and noble men, do good meritorious deeds day and night and always think of the evanescence of the world.



सन्तोषस्त्रिषु कर्तव्यः स्वदारे भोजने धने।
त्रिषु चैव न कर्तव्योऽध्ययने जपदानयोः॥

Santoshastrishu kartavyah swadaare bhojane dhane
Trishu chaiva na kartavyo’dhyayane japadaanayoh

Three things one should be content with – one’s own wife, food and wealth.   Three things one should not be content with – learning, japa (repetition of the names of the Lord) and charity (daana)



गुणैरुत्तमतां  याति नोच्चैरासनमास्थितः।
प्रासादशिखरस्थोऽपि काक: किं गरुडायते ?॥

Gunairuttamataam yaati nochchairaasanamaasthitah
Praasaadashikharastho’pi kaakah kim garudaayate

One attains a high status only by his good qualities not by sitting on a high seat.  Will the crow ever become the kite even though it is sitting on a high mansion?



प्रविचार्योत्तरं देयं सहसा न वदेत् क्वचित्।
शत्रोरपि गुणा ग्राह्याः दोषास्त्याज्या गुरोरपि॥

Pravichaaryottaram deyam sahasaa na vadet kwachit
Shatrorapi gunaah graahyaah Doshaastyaajyaa gurorapi

Before one gives an answer one should carefully think about it; one should not talk something on impulse.  One should accept good qualities even from an enemy. One should reject bad qualities even of the guru.



प्रथमे नार्जिता विद्या द्वितीये नार्जितं धनं।
तृतीये नार्जितं पुण्यं चतुर्थे किं करिष्यति॥

Prathame naarjitaa vidyaa dwiteeye naarjitam dhanam
Triteeye naarjitam punyam  chaturthe kim karishyati

IF-- During the first (twenty years of life) no learning was earned.  In the second (twenty years of life) no wealth was earned. In  the third (twenty years of life) no merit (punyam) was earned. tHEN-- What will one earn in the fourth( twenty years of life)?

  

सुभिक्षं कृषके नित्यं नित्यं सुखमरोगिनः।
भार्या भर्तु: प्रिया यस्य तस्य नित्योत्सवं गृहं ॥

Subhiksham krishake nityam nityam sukhamaroginah
Bhaaryaa bhartuh priyaa yasya tasya nityotsavam griham

There is always plenty for the tiller of the soil.  There is always happiness for the healthy (free from disease) one.  It is daily celebration in the home of one who has a loving wife.



आदौ माता गुरोः पत्नी ब्राह्मणी राजपत्निका ।
धेनुर्धात्री तथा पृथ्वी सप्तैताः मातरः स्मृताः॥

Aadau maataa guroh patnee braahmanee raajapatnikaa
Dhenurdhaatree tathaa prithwee saptaitaah maatarah smritaah

The following seven are considered mothers – One who has given birth,  wife of the guru,  a brahmana’s wife,  wife of the king, the cow, dhatree (one who brings up, other than the mother) and prithwee ( the nature / environment ).



लालयेत् पंच वर्षाणि दश वर्षाणि ताडयेत् ।
प्राप्ते तु षोडशे वर्षे पुत्रं मित्रवदाचरेत् ॥

Laalayet pancha varshaani dasha varshaani taadayet
Praapte tu shodashe varshe putram mitravadaacharet

For five years one’s son should be pampered, the next ten years he should be beaten (meaning he must be disciplined) and once he turns sixteen he should be treated as a  friend.
  


साधूनां दर्शनं पुण्यं तीर्थभूता हि साधवः।
तीर्थं फलति कालेन सद्यः साधुसमागमः||

Saadhoonaam darshanam punyam teerthabootaah hi saadhavah
Teertham phalati kaalena sadyah saadhusamaagamah

The sight of saintly persons is punyam.  Such saintly persons are like sacred rivers or lakes (teerthabhootaah) which absolve one’s sins.  The holy waters (Teerthas) give results in their own time. The meeting with saintly persons gives instant results.



दुर्जनः परिहर्तव्यो  विद्ययाऽलंकृतोऽपि सन् ।
मणिना भूषितस्सर्पः किमसौ न भयंकर: ॥।

Durjanah parihartavyo vidyayaa’lamkrito’pi san
Maninaa bhooshitah sarpah kimasu na bhayamkarah

An evil person, though adorned with learning, is to be avoided.  Is not the snake adorned with a jewel in its hood not frightening?


विद्वत्वं च नृपत्वं च नैव तुल्यं कदाचन ।
स्वदेशे पूज्यते राजा विद्वान् सर्वत्र पूज्यते ॥

Vidwatwam cha nripatwam cha  naiva tulyam kadaachana
Swadeshe poojyate raajaa vidwaan sarvatra poojyate


Scholarship and kingship can never be equated.  A king is respected in his own kingdom whereas a scholar is respected everywhere.


Can this man who wrote above verses be a wicked and mean man who lacks character and integrity?

So let me list out  few POISON INJECTED QUOTES attributed to Chanakya, to make him look WORSE than a poisonous and vicious snake..
  
The white historians has declared (including Pakistanis) that Hindu Brahmin Chanakya’s quotes are the ultimate when it comes to mindless violence, assassinations , eliminating domestic competition, using covert double agents, sacrificing these agents when the job is done, using honey pots, using children as assassins, violating treaties for selfish ends BLAH BLAH –  ALL LIES .

Ready?
  

Here we go !


When a senseless man has sexual intercourse with beasts, he shall be fined twelve panas; when he commits the same act with idols of goddesses, he shall be fined twice as much. . . . WHITE LIES

A Shudra or an outcaste who commits adultery with a woman of low caste shall be put to death, while the woman shall have her ears and nose cut off-  WHITE LIES

A man who commits adultery with a woman of low caste shall be banished, with prescribed marks branded on his forehead, or shall be degraded to the same caste -WHITE LIES.

A Kshatriya who commits adultery with an unguarded Brahman woman shall be punished with the highest amercement; a Vaisya doing the same shall be deprived of the whole of his property; and a Shudra shall be burnt alive wound round in mats- WHITE LIES

Any person who insults the king, betrays the king's council, makes evil attempts against the king, or disregards the sanctity of the kitchens of Brahmans shall have his tongue cut off.- WHITE LIES.

Any woman who murders her husband, preceptor, or offspring, sets fire to another's property, poisons a man, or cuts off any of the bodily joints of another shall be torn apart by bulls, no matter whether or not she is big with child, or has not passed a month after giving birth to a child. . WHITE LIES . .

 If a man and a woman make signs to each other with a view to sensual enjoyment, or carry on secret conversation for the same purpose, the woman shall pay a fine of twenty-four panas and the man double that amount. . . .For holding conversation in suspicious places, whips may be substituted for fines. In the center of the village, an outcaste person may whip such women five times on each of the sides of their body.  WHITE LIES

Kautilya holds that wealth, and wealth alone, is important, in as much as charity and desire depend upon wealth for their realization  -- WHITE LIES

A woman does not become holy by offering by charity, by observing hundreds of fasts, or by sipping sacred water, as by sipping the water used to wash her husbands feet – WHITE LIES

When a man has no strength left in him he becomes a sadhu, one without wealth acts like a brahmacari, a sick man behaves like a devotee of the Lord, and when a woman grows old she becomes devoted to her husband.  – WHITE LIES

A true meal is that which consists of the remnants left after a brahmana's meal.- WHITE LIES

Even the man who has taught the spiritual significance of just one letter ought to be worshiped. He who does not give reverence to such a guru is born as a dog a hundred times, and at last takes birth as a chandala (dog-eater). – WHITE LIES

He who has acquired neither virtue, wealth, satisfaction of desires nor salvation (dharma, artha, kama, moksa), lives an utterly useless life, like the "nipples" hanging from the neck of a goat.  – TEE HEEEE !

By offending a kinsman, life is lost; by offending others, wealth is lost; by offending the king, everything is lost; and by offending a brahmana one's whole family is ruined- WHITE LIES

Of those who have studied the Vedas for material rewards, and those who accept foodstuffs offered by shudras, what potency have they? They are just like serpents without fangs.- WHITE LIES

After having rubbed oil on the body, after encountering the smoke from a funeral pyre, after sexual intercourse, and after being shaved, one remains a chandala until he bathes.- WHITE LIES

The following qualities of the denizens of hell may characterise men on earth; extreme wrath, harsh speech, enmity with one's relations, the company with the base, and service to men of low extraction.-WHITE LIES

The following four characteristics of the denizens of heaven may be seen in the residents of this earth planet;  charity,  sweet words,  worship of the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and satisfying the needs of brahmanas.- WHITE LIES

Accumulated wealth is saved by spending just as incoming fresh water is saved by letting out stagnant water.-  R ECONOMICS

Do not be very upright in your dealings for you would see by going to the forest that straight trees are cut down while crooked ones are left standing.- WHITE LIES

He who has wealth has friends. He who is wealthy has relatives. The rich one alone is called a man, and the affluent alone are respected as pandits- WHITE LIES

Among men the barber is cunning; among birds the crow; among beasts the jackal; and among women, the malin (flower girl). WHITE LIES

Agni is the worshipable person for the twice-born; the brahmana for the other castes; the husband for the wife; and the guest who comes for food at the midday meal for all- WHITE LIES

Residing in a small village devoid of proper living facilities, serving a person born of a low family, unwholesome food, a frowning wife, a foolish son, and a widowed daughter burn the body without fire- WHITE LIES

He who has not acquired one of the following: religious merit (dharma), wealth (artha), satisfaction of desires (kama), or liberation (moksa) is repeatedly born to die- WHITE LIES

He who runs away from a fearful calamity, a foreign invasion, a terrible famine, and the companionship of wicked men is safe.-  PORUS SHOULD NOT HAVE FOUGHT ALEXANDER -  TEE HEEE !

Give up a member to save a family, a family to save a village, a village to save a country, and the country to save yourself.- R BANKSTERS PHILOSOPY

Brahmanas quit their patrons after receiving alms from them, scholars leave their teachers after receiving education from them, and animals desert a forest that has been burnt down- WHITE LIES

The prostitute has to forsake a man who has no money, the subject a king that cannot defend him, the birds a tree that bears no fruit, and the guests a house after they have finished their meals.- WHITE LIES

A brahmana's strength is in his learning, a king's strength is in his army, a vaishya's strength is in his wealth and a shudra's strength is in his attitude of service- WHITE LIES

Untruthfulness, rashness, guile, stupidity, avarice, uncleanliness and cruelty are a women's seven natural flaws- WHITE LIES

Women have hunger two-fold, shyness four-fold, daring six-fold, and lust eight-fold as compared to men.- WHITE LIES

Do not put your trust in rivers, men who carry weapons, beasts with claws or horns, women, and members of a royal family- WHITE LIES


"Shame upon those who have no devotion to the lotus feet of Sri Krsna, the son of mother Yasoda; who have no attachment for the describing the glories of Srimati Radharani;  whose ears are not eager to listen to the stories of the Lord's lila." Such is the exclamation of the mrdanga sound of dhik-tam dhik-tam dhigatam at kirtana-  BULL- (Radha , the mistress of Krishna never existed.)


Want some examples of what Chanakya  really wrote —packed with wisdom and  character ?

Are these the quotes from Chanakya Niti , those of a narrow minded bigot — a thick skinned and evil man?

Chanakya  developed Neeti-Sutras (aphorisms ) that tell people how they should behave.  Of these well-known 455 sutras, about 216 refer to raja-neeti (the do's and don't's of running a kingdom).    

Chanakya used these sutras to mentor  Chandragupta and other selected disciples in the art of ruling a kingdom.

Historians who equate Chanakya to Machiavelli must know that he did NOT work for himself.  He worked to defend his nation. 

He was the first Indian to have the concept of Indian nation. Truly he is the father of our nation- NOT Gandhi imported from South Africa by Chitpavan Jew nay Brahmin Gopal Krishna Gokhale on Jew Rothschild’s orders.

Chanakya was a true Karma yogi.  

He aspired for uniting India against foreign rule whose sole aim would be to steal and made slaves of Indians,  establishing an ideal Utopian state aiming at the well being and benefit of the common and the rich alike,  placing an ideal king on the throne with a noble mind and high vision..

Chanakya could achieve all of these in a short period of 24 years.  He eschewed all riches and glory.

On the other hand Italian politician Niccolò di Bernardo dei Machiavelli who lived 1800 years later was as SLIMY MEAN ANIMAL.

 Machiavelli, wrote Il Principe (The Prince), among other works.

The word has a similar use in modern psychology where it describes one of the dark triad personalities, characterized by a duplicitous interpersonal style associated with cynical beliefs and pragmatic (selfish )  morality. 

Machiavellian" as a word became very popular in the late 16th century in English, though "Machiavellianism" itself is first cited by the Oxford English Dictionary from 1626, as a father of politican science.  

Machiavelli who endorsed evil and immoral conduct was the dirt under the finger nail of Chanakya..a scholar of Vedanta and a surgeon who gave life .

Machiavelli contented that religion is man-made, and that the value of religion lies in its contribution to social order and the rules of morality must be dispensed if security required it.

Chanakya did not live in the palaces.  He lived in a simple hut outside city limits. He led the life of a true Vedic Brahmin .   During the reign of Bimbisara he just took permanent leave and lived the last days of his like a Varanasi by the banks of the river Ganges in sanyas-- as is usual in Sanatana Dharma  .

Jains wrote that Chanakya converted from BAAAAAD Hindusim to GOOOOOOD Jainism before he died. TEE HEE !

You dont need to convert to Jainism to take sanyas at Kashi.

The stupid western historian had started comparing Chanakya's Arthashastra with Sun Tzu's Art of War .

Abhe dhakhan,  Sun Tzu kidhar, Chanakya kidhar !

These dimwits must know that Sun Tzu’s book is about war, Chanakya’s book is about the wisdom of statecraft  .  State craft covers every single aspect of running an emperor , from economy, laws, security, foreign relations and even medicare etc.

When it comes to foreign relations, Chanakya was  a political realist, and his advice to the rulers is: Peace is to be preferred to war; however, when the situation demands, a war must be fought, and evil invaders must be overwhelmed and asked to surrender or be killed..

Chanakya too believes that a war has to be fought only after a thorough preparation-- by training and funding and supplying the military for long campaigns, building alliances and gathering intelligence by mobilizing the secret agents in advance.

Chanakya warns against protracted wars because of the huge economic and human costs involved.

For Chanakya preparation of the MIND AND SPIRIT of the king who leads the soldiers , was more important than the battle machine itself.   The king was always subject to sanatana dharma ( ethics )—read that as DHARMA and NOT DHAMMMMMA..

Chanakya, studied the vedas and hence had inherent wisdom .  Wisdom has NO expiry date and needs NO new editions. He was a guru of political science , surgery and astronomy at the Taxila university and later  the prime minister of emperor Chandragupta Maurya.. who scared the hell out of Alaxander the Great , without engaging him in battle.

Chanakya was the most eminent political thinker and economist in ancient times—and probably today and well into the future..

Time for me to give a few more pearls of Chanakya’s wisdom-

Save your wealth against future calamity. Do not say, "What what fear has a rich man of calamity?" When riches begin to forsake one even the accumulated stock dwindles away.

Test a servant while in the discharge of his duty, a relative in difficulty, a friend in adversity, and a wife in misfortune.

He who gives up what is imperishable for that which perishable, loses that which is imperishable; and doubtlessly loses that which is perishable also.

He whose son is obedient to him, whose wife's conduct is in accordance with his wishes, and who is content with his riches, has his heaven here on earth ( LIKE CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL ).

They alone are sons who are devoted to their father. He is a father who supports his sons. He is a friend in whom we can confide, and she only is a wife in whose company the husband feels contented and peaceful.

Do not put your trust in a bad companion nor even trust an ordinary friend, for if he should get angry with you, he may bring all your secrets to light.

Trees on a river bank, a woman in another man's house, and kings without counsellors go without doubt to swift destruction.

He who befriends a man whose conduct is vicious, whose vision impure, and who is notoriously crooked, is rapidly ruined.

In this world, whose family is there without blemish? Who is free from sickness and grief? Who is forever happy?

Give your daughter in marriage to a good family, engage your son in learning, see that your enemy comes to grief, and engage your friends in dharma

The beauty of a cuckoo is in its notes, that of a woman in her unalloyed devotion to her husband, that of an ugly person in his scholarship, and that of an ascetic in his forgiveness

As night looks delightful when the moon shines, so is a family gladdened by even one learned and virtuous son

Fondle a son until he is five years of age, and use the stick for another ten years, but when he has attained his sixteenth year treat him as a friend.

She is a true wife who is clean (suci), expert, chaste, pleasing to the husband, and truthful.

Indolent application ruins study; money is lost when entrusted to others; a farmer who sows his seed sparsely is ruined; and an army is lost for want of a commander.

There is no disease (so destructive) as lust; no enemy like infatuation; no fire like wrath; and no happiness like spiritual knowledge.

Rain which falls upon the sea is useless; so is food for one who is satiated; in vain is a gift for one who is wealthy; and a burning lamp during the daytime is useless.

It is better to be without a kingdom than to rule over a petty one; better to be without a friend than to befriend a rascal; better to be without a disciple than to have a stupid one; and better to be without a wife than to have a bad one.

A wise man should not reveal his loss of wealth, the vexation of his mind, the misconduct of his own wife, base words spoken by others, and disgrace that has befallen him.

The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction.
  
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.

The secret task of a king is to strive for the welfare of his people incessantly. The administration of the kingdom is his religious duty. His greatest gift would  be to treat all as equals.

The power of a king lies in his mighty arms; that of a brahmana in his spiritual knowledge; and that of a woman in her beauty youth and sweet words.

Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.

 He is a true friend who does not forsake us in time of need, misfortune, famine, or war, in a king's court, or at the crematorium (smasana).

 One who is in search of knowledge should give up the search of pleasure and the one who is in search of pleasure should give up the search of knowledge.

There is some self-interest behind every friendship.  There is no friendship without self-interests.  This is a bitter truth.

The four greatest curses for a man are - the father who has taken a loan, the characterless mother, the beautiful but promiscuous wife and the stupid child.
  
Once you start working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.

Purity of speech, of the mind, of the senses, and of a compassionate heart are needed by one who desires to rise to the divine platform.

Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.

 Avoid him who talks sweetly before you but tries to ruin you behind your back, for he is like a pitcher of poison with milk on top.

 If you get to learn something even from the worst of creatures, don't hesistate.

We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment.

A man is great by deeds, not by birth.




If you see Israel, there are WHITE SKINNED JEWS  who do NOT look like the locals in all the countries around them. They do NOT have the same DNA.   They have usurped the area .

They first planted Jewish archeological evidence , as per the fake texts they created . A few decades later  they unearthed all of them . Their monopolized media gave massive propaganda.  

They knew exactly where to dig and how deep – all stone artifacts. They deciphered scripts in record time—because when you made a code script, only you can decipher it.

Same thing happened in India.

Nobody in India heard of Emperor Asoka or the Kalinga war till the white invader came to India –and mind you, Indians have been writing clearly since the past 7000 years.

Asoka was a king who converted from BAAAAAD Hindusim to GOOOOOD Buddhism ( sic ).


THE MOMENT SOMETHING IS ETCHED ON ROCK ( LIKE ASHOKA ROCK EDICTS ) ,WHICH CANNOT  BE  DATED SCIENTIFICALLY ,   PEOPLE TEND TO BELIEVE IT  —   SO GULLIBLE IS THE HUMAN MIND.   


This is like in Bollywood movies—the hero will keep pasting the villains , and they will come back again and again to attack the hero,  after falling with a thud on the hard ground—but once the villain falls in a small puddle of water he gets stuck there. 


Rothschild got Fabian society member H.G. Wells to cement the existence of FAKE Ashoka  "Amidst the tens of thousands of names of monarchs that crowd the columns of history ... the name of Asoka shines, and shines almost alone, a star." 

By the way the Fabian society was responsible for the passage of the Half-Caste Act, in Australia, where small children were systematically and forcibly removed from their parents, so that the Rothschild could "protect" the Aborigine children from their parents. 

Even Nehru was a Fabian thanks to Jewess Edwina of R family. 

R’s broker or middleman to The Fabian Society was Lord Arthur Balfour who was the kingpin for creating the state of Israel .

In the nineteenth century  suddenly out of the blue the white invader unearthed  a large number of rock edicts, in India, Nepal, Pakistan and Afghanistan –all widely apart.  

To an intelligent man is this possible?  It is NOT that one edict told where the other would be.

We can understand many edicts in one spot getting unearthed day after day.  

But so many from spots unearthed from spots thousands of miles away, all having the same signature handwriting  --all in the same unknown script ?

These edicts, inscribed on rocks and pillars, proclaim Asoka's ( sic ) reforms and policies and promulgate his advice to his subjects.  

This rendering of King Asoka's Edicts is based heavily on Amulyachandra Sen's English translation, which includes the original Magadhi and a Sanskrit and English translation of the text.   

They just inserted DHAMMA for DHARMA and ASHOKA for PIYADASI in all his loaded and doctored translations, which is nonsense .   

The whole thing has been worked backwards- reverse engineering in a most clumsy manner . This is what my white master wants , so let me write this way. 

The 13 ( out of 14 ))  very long rock edict which tells about the Kalinga war is clearly a FAKE.

The first rock edict ( out of 14 ) talking about Hindus doing animal sacrifices is also clearly a FAKE.  We Indians never heard of sacrifices in temples till the white invader came to India.

The Kalinga Minor Rock edict No 3 (out of  3 ) is clearly a FAKE.   Both the minor pillar rock edicts are clearly FAKES.

In 1837, James Prinsep doctored his own translation and “ deciphered “ ( sic )  an ancient inscription on a large stone pillar in Delhi.    Prinsep's inscription proved to be a series of edicts issued by a king calling himself "Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi."

More and more edicts by this same king were mysteriously unearthed.  The white invader  put two and two together and made it five and declared that King Piyadasi is none other that King Ashoka predicted in all the Hindus puranas ( SIC ).


The Bhavishya Purana you see today is INVENTED by the white invader.   They invented most of the Nostradamus predictions too and put it into use very well to usurp power.   Even Zakir Naik quotes from Bhavisha Purana.


So, so-- there was this coup de grace in 1915, when our man James DISCOVERED an edict mentioning the name Asoka.   The historians of Rothschild went around beating from the roof tops.  And of course BR Ambedkar agreed with them.

Buddhism was dead in India.  To revive Buddhism and kick Hinduism in the teeth they needed a GREAT Indian hero who got fed up of Hinduism and converted to Buddhism..

Almost every HERO in modern history has been CREATED . We studied about these Rothschild created and backdated FAKE heroes in our NCERT text books.


Almost everything 98% of what you read about Hinduism and ancient India in Wikipedia is FAKE  and a WHITE LIE.   The Zionist Jews keep changing history by quietly editing it, as per the demands of the current situation. --can history ever do that?

If India has to be this planet’s No 1 superpower in 19 years , we must write our own history . We must trash all Indian history written by Rothschild stooge historians.

It was only in 1915, when another RIDICULOUSLY SUSPICIOUS LOOKING  edict actually mentioning the name Asoka was discovered, and hey presto— Piyadasi is now Ashoka.

THE PILLARS AND THE CAPITALS ALL HAD A MIRROR LIKE POLISH DESPITE BEING RAVAGED BY THE WEATHER  ELEMENTS FOR 2300 YEARS .

James Princep was a British East India Employee of Rothschild engaged in the Opium business.

Some crooked translator of an ancient hoary script has been told to write DHAMMA instead of DHARMA ( the corner stone of Hinduism ) and Hinduism becomes Buddhism ?

There cooked up a FAKE story that HINDU Ashoka had all his 99 brothers killed for the sake of the kingdom -- worse than the Islamic invaders.   Sorry Hindu kings had DHARMA- they never killed and gouged the eyes of their brothers and fathers to usurp the kingdom , like the Islamic invaders .


Before I write about DHARMA  I want to give my readers a glimpse of how ADHARMA first came to India.

It came with a Sufi saint Khwajah Moiuniddin Chisti ( his dargah is in Ajmer ) who kicked a host king on his teeth , and acted as a facilitator for the first Muslim invader Mohammed Ghori. 

12 years before this Sufi saint came to India , King Prithviraj Chauhan’s mother had a dream and she implored her son NOT to trust a Sufi saint who would come as a spy for an invader from the other side of Hindu Khush mountains. 

Prithviraj Chauhan paid the price for ignoring his mother’s advise, when the Sufi saint indeed came to his kingdom, and he treated him and his followers as  guests .   

Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti poisoned the lake waters from which the king's army elephants,  horses and camels  drank, as was standard warfare tactics in the deserts ( poisoning the oasis waters ) .

The lakes had to be emptied out manually due to rotting fish and the animals were weakened due to dysentry, just before Muhammad Ghori invaded in the Second Battle of Tarain, 1192. The Muslims now had a toehold in India.

In the first battle of Tarain,Muhammad Ghori was captured alive by Prithviraj Chauhan , and set free when he begged for his life on his knees, as per Raja dharma. 

But after dirty tactics used by the spy and Sufi saint Kwajah Moinuddin Chisti , when Muhammad Ghori won the second batlle of Tarain, he put hot coals in Chauhan's eyes after raping his wife Samyukta in front of him .

Later on the Mughal dynasty was established.

Babur ( 1526-1530 ) had a great passion to kill people, cut heads off people and create pillars out of the cut off heads.  He claimed to have created several such pillars in his autobiography.  His soldiers raped dead Hindu women, something unthinkable for a Hindu.

THIS CAUSED YOUNG ATTRACTIVE WOMEN TO PREFER PAINFUL DEATH OVER DISHONOUR – THEY JUMPED INTO THE FIRE TO FUSE THEIR VAGINAS –

THIS WAS CALLED SATI BY THE WHITE INVADER AS IF IT WAS AN ANCIENT CUSTOM. 

SORRY , NO ANCIENT SCRIPTURE EVER MENTIONED SATI.   INDIANS NEVER HEARD OF THE WORD SATI TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA.


Babar’s son Humayun ( 1530-1556 )  had his own brother Kamran Mirza blinded which would end any claim to the throne.   He killed his other brother  Hindal Mirza. He sent another brother to Haj and got him killed enroute.

  
Akbar ( 1556 -1605 ) just jailed his son Jehangir who was getting too greedy to usurp the throne before Akbar died.
  

Jehangir (1605-1627) killed his uncle Mahdi Khwaja who was eyeing the throne.  He also blinded his own eldest son Khusrau who was eyeing his throne.  Can you believe this -- Guru Arjan Singh was blamed by Jehangir of giving moral support to Khusrau , tortured severely and then drowned in the river Ravi.

  
Shah Jahan.(1628-1658 ) killed his younger  brother Sheharyar so that he will not lay claim to the throne.
  
 Aurangezeb ( 1658-1707 ) the third son of Shah Jehan killed his  3 brothers. He also put his father in jail for 8 years till he died. For choosing his capable eldest son Dara Shikoh as heir Aurangzeb punished him by presenting Dara’s head in a platter to his father .  

Can you believe this-- Guru Har Rai got into the good books of Emperor Shah Jehan by saving his favourite son Dara Shikoh from tiger's whiskers poisoning using laxative herbs ( poisoned by his brother Aurangazeb) --and in the bargain he pissed of Aurangazeb.

  
Nobody names his son after Aurangazeb or Babur even today, though there are plenty of Akbars.. Pakistanis name their missiles Babur.  They don’t realize that when Babur came to India their forefathers were all Hindus and their women ancestors were raped.


Aurangzeb's son Bahadur Shah I (Muazzam ) killed his brothers Muhammad Azam and Muhammad Kam Bhaksh to capture the throne.  Can you believe this?  Guru Gobind Singh sent his army under the command of Bhai Dharam Singh, to help Muazzam.  

Muazzam's forces defeated  his brother Azam’s forces in the Battle of Jajau on 12 June 1707.  Both sides numbered some 100,000 combatants, but Bahādur Shah had more artillery.  Both Muhammad Aẓam and his son Bidar Bakht were killed in the battle.

Bahadur Shah I died in 1712, and his successor Jahandar Shah was killed on the orders of the Sayyid Brothers.

Bahadur Shah's death followed a war of succession among his four sons, Jahandar Shah, Azim-us-Shah, Jahan Shah and Rafi-is-Shah.  Jalandar shah killed his 3 brothers to ascend the throne .

Azim-us-Shah's son Farrukhsiyar killed his uncle and ascended the throne.

In 1719, the Brothers blinded, deposed and murdered Farrukhsiyar

Sayyid brothers were soon killed by Muhammad Shah.

Ahmad Shah, son of Muhammad Shah, was blinded in 1754 by the Wazir Ghazi-ud-din Imad-ul-mulk

Alamgir II (1754 - 1759) was killed by Ghazi-ud-din Imad-ul-mulk's orders.

Shah Alam II (1759 - 1806) blinded by the Afghan chief Gulam Qadir,

Bahadur Shah-II was falsely accused by the British of treason and rebellion and exiled to Burma.  His descendants were beheaded and heads presented to him on a platter –
-- and the glorious Mughal empire was swept away once and for all.

Now let me narrate a short story from Ramayana 4300 BC.

This was the Dharma in Hindu India before the Muslims and the Christians invaded .

King Dasaratha , the father of Lord Rama was in the thick of battle with the Asuras. His favourite queen Kaikeyi was on the horse chariot with him. Dasaratha was injured , and the wheel of his chariot was about to be dislodged due to a missing cotter pin .

Queen Kaikeyi put her finger into the orifice suffering great pain. In addition to this , as soon a Dasaratha became unconscious she drove the chariot away from the battle field and saved the king.

Later when Dasharatha came to know what transpired , he gave his wife two boons . She said that she would redeem the boon at a later date and time.

Years passed . Lord Rama being the eldest son was crown prince and Dasarath wanted to hand over his kingdom to Rama and then retire for sanyas. Queen Kaikeyi’s son Bharata was away in another city. The city of Ayodha was being decorated for the huge event as the people loved prince Rama.

The shrewd hump backed maid Mandara of Kaikeyi poisoned her mind.  She reminded Kaikeyi of the two boons which the King had given her, and told her that she must redeem it now. She must ask that her son Bharat must be crowned king and his elder half brother Rama , son of eldest queen Kausalya must be banished to a far away forest on exile for 14 years.
  

Queen Kaikeyi approached King Dasaratha and reminded him of his promise . Then she told him what she wanted. The king was in a bind . He had to follow his dharma of not breaking a promise. Out of sheer grief he fell dead. 

  
Rama did the last rites for his father and went away of exile with his wife Sita and his brother Lakshman . It was the dharma of both his wife and brother to be with him .  The whole city of Ayodha was in gloom.


Meanwhile Bharata had a bad dream and a premonition . He came rushing back to Ayodhya. He knew something was wrong as the whole city of Ayodhya was in mourning and darkness. When he heard that his father is dead and his brother Rama was in exile, he fainted out of grief. 

When he came to, he gave a piece of his mind to his mother Kaikeyi and went to Rama’s mother Kausalya's room and slept at her feet.
  

Next morning with the queen mothers, his brother Shatrughna , priests, ministers and  a small army , he set off to the forest to bring his brother back to Ayodhya and crown him king. Maharishi Bharadwaja directed him to the cottage  where Rama would be with his wife Sita and brother Lakshman.


Both Rama and Bharat hugged each other . Bharat fell at his elder brother Rama’s feet and implored him to come back to Ayodhya and become king. Kaikeyi apologized and took back her boon. 

Rama did NOT want to break his dharma of obeying his dead father’s command.  Bharat then asked Rama to give him his sandals and said till Rama comes back after 14 years his sandals would be on the throne and that he would rule on Rama’s behalf from outside the palace , from Nandigram.

  
After 14 long years when Hanuman broke the news of Rama’s impending return to Ayodhya , Bharat again fainted with joy—this time around.  He showered Hanuman with gifts for the good tidings and commanded his brother Shatrughna to have the people decorate Ayodhya city .
  

The two brothers met and hugged each other, after which, Bharat led him to the throne on which was placed Rama’s sandals.  Rama was crowned king and there was great joy. Rama made Bharat his crown prince.


At Rama's command, Bharat and his sons went to the Gandhar kingdom and defeated the Gandharvas living there. Bharat founded the two capital cities of Takshashila and Pushkalavat in the conquered kingdom and established his sons, Taksh and Pushkal as its rulers.
  

This was the Hindu dharma.  Dharma broadly means righteousness.  Our scriptures and history is full of such sacrifices to sustain dharma.


Hinduism is a spiritual code based on dharma.  Hindusim has core values like integrity, ethics, compassion , fairness, transparency, respect , tolerance for culture, sense of responsibility, spirit of inclusion etc . We temper all technical judgments by the need to support and maintain human values. Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma. 


As per the Bhagawat Gita , the fundamentals of dharma are-- truth, grace, restraint, love, non-violence, restraint, lack of jealousy and greed, knowledge of self and austerity. 


In the Bhagwat Gita, Lord Krishna declares to Arjuna 6000 years ago:

Dharmenaavirodheshu Kaamosmi Bharatarshabha
“I am those desires that are not against the Dharma”

Getting back to our FAKE Rothschild creation Asokha-

If such a great king Ashoka ruled a mighty empire.  How come we Indian never heard of him, of his Kalinga war , till the white man came to India?  

We in Kerala know better because Kerala Namboodiris were teachers ( like Chanakya )  and they were all over India . We in Kerala know Indian history better .

Till Tipu Sultan came with his French Rothschild provided long range rockets Kerala was never conquered.

Till Hermann Gundert took away our books in Malayalam to Germany , we have a full recorded history.

They could be made out from a distance as they wore the hair KUDUMI ( shikha ) is the wrong direction .  They recorded all historical matters. 



Chanakya swore a terrible oath to dismantle the mighty Nanda emire only because the Nanda king ridiculed his face , called him a black money and then pulled his hair tuft which became loose.


Chanakya swore at that instant, that he would leave his hair loose till he redeemed his pledge.


As soon as Chanakya came to know from a Taxila University foreign student that Alexander crossed the Dardenelles straits with his army,  Chanaka resigned from his teacher job at Taxila university and went to the Nanda empire capital at Pataliputra .  

Alexander has with him 48,100 foot soldiers, 6,100 cavalry and a fleet of 120 ships with crew numbering 38,000 --and it was NOT a war exercise .

Chanakya being a perceptive man knew that this huge Greek army was heading towards India. He had the head start he wanted.

Chanakya hastened to meet the mighty Nanda King. 

He knew only Nandas had the military power and the war elephants to stop the looming Greek invasion.  

The kingdoms after crossing Hindu Kush were small and weak –yet Porus would stop Alexander  with his 85 elephants and his horde of ferocious Tibetan Mastiff dogs.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/wwho-let-dogs-out-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Chanakya got irritated and was a bit brash , when the Nanda King would NOT understand the BHARAT NATION concept.

He told the Nanda king –only the suspect  King Ambi of Taxila and stouthearted King Porus of Paurava stands between the  Greek invader and the growing but fledgling Maurya Empire.

So, 2300 years  ago, Chanakya entered the palace of the Nandas.  He saw ten gold plates and thrones.  He was told that nine were for the eight Nanda princes (who were brothers) and their father Sarvarthasiddhi. 

The tenth was for the most learned person in Vedas.

This throne was always reserved for Subandhu, who was way below Chanakya in Vedic knowledge .   Chanakya strode up and sat down on the tenth throne.

Chanakya knew that the ideologies of the then existing small kingdoms in the Indian Subcontinent (janapadas) which was limited to safeguarding their own boundaries.  They did NOT have the vision or perspective to unite and confront a larger battle hardened  foreign invader army. 

Nanda was the only mighty empire at that time. Chanakya went to Pataliputra to suggest that the Magadha king Dhana Nanda must position his army North West of Taxila kingdom at the virtual gates of Hindustan .

 To be honest such a grandiouse proposition would be bizarre to any king ..and it was natural that they would smell a rat and get upset. The perceptive prime minister of King Dhana Nanda , Amatya Rakshasa could have been convinced,  but a fortuitous incident upset the applecart ..probably for the better .

Chanakya was a famous and proud man those days .

Now—
  
The nine princes and Subandhu entered the place and noticed Chanakya sitting on the throne, and all got terribly upset.

The youngest two brothers, Sukalpa and Dhanananda, asked him rudely to get up and leave. Chanakya replied, 'I am the most qualified for the tenth throne. It is my right to sit on it.

If Subandhu defeats me in a literary vedic public debate, I will readily step down.'

Everybody knew that Subandhu was NO match for Chankya.

The princes become more angry but Chanakya remained calm.  

Sukalpa insulted him by calling him a black like a monkey but Chanakya continued to be calm and said that the duty of the king is obey the Sanatana dharma.  



Since the tenth throne is to be given to the most learned man, it is dharmic that a fair contest be held.

Further, Chanakya noted that he may be dark skinned  like a monkey but Vedic scholars are noted for what is inside them.  The princes got more angry made fun of his hair tuft ( Mun-Kudumi ) and asked the palace guards to throw him out..

While Chanakya was being physically evicted one guard pulled him by his hair tuft .

Immediately Chanakya untied his own Kudumi –and this made everybody terribly nervous.

He took  the famous oath,  “ I will not tie my tuft of hair until I uproot the whole Nanda dynasty and establish dharma in Magadha.   Rulers like you have spoiled Bharat.  This tuft of hair is now a serpent which will come back to bite you.”



Hearing this, Sukalpa got furious and  ordered him to be put to death.  However, a minister Subuddisarman intervened and requested the king to let go Chanakya or it will be adharmic .

All were too stunned to react and Chanakya walked out unmolested.

Chanakya true to his word would later dethrone the mighty Nandas, and put the illegitimate son of Prince Sarvarthasiddhi of the Nanda empire Chandra Gupta on the newly created Mauryan empire throne.

Later, Sushma Swaraj would use the POTENT Chanakya hair pledge to warn the white skinned Italian waitress- if she BULLDOZED her way to become PM,  Sushma would shave her head and enter parliament. 



When the INFRA sounds of King Porus’s  elephant trumpets and Tibetan Mastiff dogs barks psychologically wrecked Alexander’s horse Bucephalus, Alexander the GREAT was NOT half the man he was-- he was just Alexander the GAY .




So what in the name of Carlos Tevez is this hair thingy ?

Recently the Western historians found a 9000 year old skull with sikha at the Globleki Tepi
Stonehenge.   In 7000 BC Turkey was under Indian rule of Emperor Vikramaditya .




As long as you sport this hairstyle you must observe DHARMA-  a code of conduct is called dharma.

In the Mahabharata war of 4000 BC, when  Lord Krishna saw that  Arjuna wanted to punish Ashwatamma said  “ Just cut his Shikha and let him go, it is the equivalent to killing him!” 

In 4000 BC Lord  Krishna was about to kill Rukmi ,  when Krishna’s wife  Rukmini fell at his feet and pleaded to spare her brother’s life.   

Out of respect for her words,  he tied him with a cloth.  Then he deliberately sliced off half his sikha ( kudumi or hair tuft ) and spared him .  Cutting the whole tuft was equivalent to spiritual death , due to the enormous disrespect involved .

Nowadays you find foreign funded Christian  TV channels  making fun of the Hindu Sikha . This is most unfortunate ,  as these people do NOT know what a sikha is.


Only Kerala Namboodiris , the Vedic experts chosen by Parashurama , were allowed to wear the sikha as Mun Kudumi ( tuft towards the front or side ) . 

It was a sort of personal branding.   They had to be distinguished as teachers of Math, Ayurveda, astronomy, Vedanta ,  from the rest of Indian Brahmins .

Even thousands of years ago Indian knew the effects of personal branding.

Hindus did OPEN branding, with a sikha. 

Jews did SECRET branding , which is a circumcised dick. Muslims followed this too,  thought it is NOT requires as per the Koran.   Shows how much self proclaimed Koran expert Dr Zakir Naik knows .

In Hinduism when people fly into a terrible rage and take a solemn “hairdo oath”,  onlookers shit in their pants or petticoats , as may be applicable.

6000 years ago when Draupadi was stripped in the King’s court by Dushasana , she had let loose her hair and declared that she will only tie it back after she has been avenged by the Pandavas. 

All who saw this event froze in fear as there would be war and terrible calamity.

Lord Krishna had also a divine task of eliminating by the roots,  the test tube baby remnants on this planet.  

All 100 Kauravas were test tube babies and NOT delivered by Gandhari.  



Vishnu did NOT come down to planet earth as Krishna avatar just to kill Dantavakra and Shishupala ( the last and third re-births of Jaya/ Vijaya ) .

THIS IS NOT DISCUSSED BY ANY HINDU GURU OR BOOK OR MUTT TILL TODAY.  


TODAY ENEMIES OF MANKIND ARE MAKING PETRI DISH BABIES FOR HOMOSEXUALS.


In Hindu culture when a baby boy is born, the father does NOT handle the boy till the 16th day.

On the 16th day , the father will get up before daybreak, and take a bath in clean Ganges water . He will then squeeze a few drops of water from his Kudumi into the baby’s mouth.  Only then he will lift the child and cuddle and kiss him for the first time.
  

The water wrung out of the wet Kudumi is charged with human spirit ,  basically scalar energy and of course FRIENDLY BACTERIA for the baby’s gut. The baby already has his mothers bacteria by virtue of natural delivery.

Later comes the Mundan ( tonsure ) ceremony of the boy.

The father hold up a tuft of hair and the barber shaves around it . This is a religious ceremony and so mantras are chanted.  Coconut oil is put on the shaved part of the head.

Mundan ceremony ( first shave for a newborn child ) cleanses the baby of the bad karmas of the mother while in the  womb.

It formats  the child's mind and aura.

As per griha sutra Mundan ceremony must be done before the 3rd birthday.  It cannot be done on 2nd , 4th and 6th years.   These are procedures laid down by ancient Maharishi seers and are NOT questioned with a rationalist outlook.
  
 Pretty soon the time comes for the boy child to go to Gurukul ( school ).

The guru unties the kudumi of the boy in the presence of the father.  

He divides the kudumi into three holds it apart and chants mantras and blows on the junction scalp with intent.   Every DIKSHA initiation ( even for Reiki ) involves this.

The boy child then offers a coconut to his guru, who breaks it in front of the Ishta Devata with intent.   He is now ready to kick start his Vedic learning.
  
Maharisgi Agastya has written that the practice of wearing one's hair as a kudumi is conducive to the blossoming of gnaana.  When sunlight falls on that head where the hair is tied in the sikha knot, it sets spiritual wheels into  motion that kick starts the process of gnaana acquisition.

When the father dies ,  the eldest son is in the lead bare chested with untied kudumi .

The dead body is taken out of the house feet first.

The body is placed with the head pointing south.  The eldest son carries a pot of water on his left shoulder, using his right hand to hold the ganges water pot in place.  He has to circumambulate (or go around) the body three times in an anti-clockwise direction, from left to right. The younger sons follow behind him.

When the eldest son circumambulates the body, the priest makes a hole in the pot so as to allow water to spout wetting his untied kudumi.

Water hold memory.   

Each time he circumambulates ( 3 times ) , a new hole is made.

In the first circumambulation, the water that flows facilitates the departure of the soul from this world.  During the second circumambulation, the water that flows is to purify the atmosphere. During the third circumambulation, the water that flows is to lead the soul to heaven.

 After the third circumambulation, the son faces north and throws the pot over the shoulder southwards, over his back. ..

The elder son  squeezes a few drops from his wet untied kudumi  into his dead father’s mouth.

Remember his father had once done it , long ago, on the 16th day of his birth.

This is like a relay baton passing on.

After this he is not to look back .

The symbolizes the break of the father’s soul , with planet earth.

I am 100% sure than NO hindu knows the significance of making a hole on the earthen water pot and allowing the water to strike the untied kudumi and flow down his back.   This is a very special feeling . I know how it felt when my father died.   I had NO kudumi though.

No tears are shed at the cremation ceremony-after all the soul will either get Moksha ( merge with the universe ) or be re-inducted to one of the 7 astral layers awaiting next induction onto planet earth ( re-birth )

Remember we are all born with the stars at the same microsecond at the time of creation. You , your grandfather and your grandson were born at the same instant .

You are NOT what you see in the mirror . Your body is like  a pair of soiled jeans which you put in the laundy machine.

You are your SOUL – a ball of energy .  

Your soul leaves your cadaver when the skull POPS in the cremation fire causing a SOLITON CARRIER WAVE which shoots your soul into any of the 7 astral layers ( if you do NOT have moksha - or NIL bad karma baggage ) .   

Your soul weighs 21.3 grammes..

Burial religions trap your soul on earth to wander for ever .  

Ever since the burial religions came has the world known any peace ?

The Brahmin priest reads sacred verses from the Garuda Purana, speeding the dead person’ soul to the next life.

Chants from 7000 year old Rig Veda:  "Release him again, O Agni, to the fathers. The one offered to you now proceeds to his destiny. Putting on new life, let him approach the surviving, let him reunite with a [new] body, All-Knowing One!" (10. 16. 5).

The younger sons walk off first, followed by the eldest son who walks off last.

He now shaves his kudumi.

After one year the eldest son goes on pilgrimage to Varanasi and wears a kudumi again.

Vishwa karma sprung out of the third eye of Shiva with a kudumi.  Vishvakarma was the architect of the gods who made a golden chariot for Lord Shiva to destroy Tripura ( Atlantis )

When Crypto Jew Jesuit Priest Francis Xavier came to India this Portuguese missionary made Sikha or Kudumi  illegal.   Anybody caught with a kudumi would be tortured severely .  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

According to Smriti Shastras, it was mandatory for all Hindus to keep sikha as an external symbol of Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism. The kudumi was one of the few symbols of Hindus that transcended varna , language or regional barriers.

Even the British and European missionaries regard the wearing of this tuft as a badge of Hinduism, and require the natives employed in the missions , even as a watchman or sweeper to cut off their kudumi as a sine qua, non to their retention of mission employment. 

First things first— shave that bloody Hindooo tuft. 

At the Gurukul the guru gives his best pupil a single  strand of his sikha hair willingly.  The pupil then  puts this in a silver amulet casing on his body.   This is a priceless personal gift.   The hair strand cannot be stolen.

Kudumi is knotted lock of hair on the crown of the head and the rest of the hair shaved off.  This knot must essentially be a figure of eight or  MOBIUS COIL  .  It is NO use otherwise.


Sushruta, the father of surgery ( 4200 BC ) and the author of Sushruta Samhita had encouraged the sporting a “sikha”.  This made diagnosis easier as Maharishis could see human auras , like what a Kirlian camera does today.




The magic of Mobius Coil was known to ancient Indians .-modern science is UNAWARE !

Below : THE oldest temple on this planet- the water used to flow in a MOBIUS COIL pattern generating a SCALAR FIELD .



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kottiyoor-temple-oldest-temple-and.html




The kudumi knot is always tied to the accompaniment of the Gayatri Mantra.

Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figure eight in the shape of a möbius coil.  When an electric current flows through the wires in opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires cancel each other and create a scalar wave.

The DNA antenna in our cells’ energy production centers (mitochondria) assumes the shape of what is called a super-coil.   Supercoil DNA look like a series of möbius coils.  These möbius supercoil DNA are hypothetically able to generate scalar waves.  Most cells in the body contain thousands of these möbius supercoils, which are generating scalar waves throughout the cell and throughout the body.

Contemporary cell research is now based on the principles of quantum physics that shows the world as being created out of energy.   Our cells’ membranes contain special proteins called Intergral Membrane Proteins (IMPs) that respond to energy signals from the external and internal environment.  Our biological behavior can be controlled by “invisible” energy forces, which include thought.

When we shut off our internal mind chatter and concentrate our attention through prayer, meditation or contemplation, we tune ourselves into this subtle, spiritual, quantum-level energy matrix. 

When this energy is allowed to transfer to our DNA (without interruption from negative attitudes), it affects the molecular and cellular levels that drive all our physical metabolic processes.  This is why we have the ability to heal ourselves through prayer, meditation or conscious intention.

There is another mobius coil configuration found within the vascular system. The continuous flow of blood through the arterial system–which runs next to the venous system but in opposite directions–contains mobius coil properties. The circulation of blood throughout the body resembles the figure-eight shape of the mobius coil.

 Within the vascular möbius coil there are subsets of the figure eight along the major capillary networks. These major capillary networks are associated with primary organs and are related to the endocrine glands and correspond to the chakra energy centers.


The electrical activity of the heart muscle sets up its electromagnetic field, the strongest field of the body. 



It is at the heart that the center of the vascular möbius coil is found: an intersection of venous blood passing through the right atrium, overlapping aortic blood coming through the left atrium.

Below: Hug your children -- there is magic in this !


The möbius coil intersection occurs just in front of the lungs, which contain a huge web-like network of capillary connections. This capillary network acts as a battery for the storage of scalar waves.

Scalar waves generated in the body protect us from the negative effects of solar radiation and other environmental electromagnetic stresses by constantly producing a neutral field capable of deflecting these harmful non-bio-energetically compatible frequencies.

Scalar waves generated in the body also provide an energetic communication system that connects all cells. This energy contains the power of the universe and has unlimited potential.

In the scalar vacuum state this energy is susceptible to our thoughts and feelings. Our cells react to environmental signals as well as to our thoughts.  Cells move toward growth signals and away from life-threatening stimuli.

Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of scalar waves. Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the electromagnetic, biophoton signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels.

When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked.

WE INDIANS WERE THE FIRST TO PRAY -- AND TO BREAK A COCONUT WITH INTENTION.

Believe me -- the culture of the rest of the planet put together , is DIRT under the finger nail of Indian culture.  

I have seen the culture world wide for 4 decades -- 

I know !

Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas. This practice existed in Kerala even before the Saraswati civilization .

It is form of bloodless sacrifice. The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma. By the way Ashwamedham sacrifice is also a bloodless sacrifice.  It was done by Kerala King Mahabali.

When you break a coconut with INTENTION , in quantum physics terms  -- it causes a " butterfly effect " .  

It causes a solition wave . 


A tsunami is a SOLITON wave.

Below: Vishnu's first avatar was Matsya ( a conscious dolphin )



Dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. They are conscious animals and pass the mirror and colour test.  Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.. They also have been observed to display a variety of cultural characteristics such as holding a type of funeral ceremony for their dead.

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz. ( the frequency of OM and planet earth ). Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. 

No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM .  Dolphins utilize a vibrato effect in order to create 7.83 hertz frequency. Dolphins have always been attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.

They can even sense the frequency of the child in a pregnant mother’s womb as shown . When the dolphin kisses an unborn baby it is good.



  
Living things are like television sets in that they also oscillate; they pulse, they vibrate, they have rhythm. Our heart rate, respiration and brain waves all entrain to each other. Slow down your breath, for example, and you slow down your heartbeat and your brain waves. 

Conversely, if you are able to slow down your brain waves, you can affect your heart rate and respiration. This is one of the principles of biofeedback.

These rhythms of life allow for entrainment. Entrainment was known to the ancient Indian Maharishis . Through sonic entrainment technology it is possible almost instantly to induce states of deep meditation.  7.83hz frequency is the resonant frequency of the human body too.

Neuromapping by electroencephalography (EEG) instrument can be used used to study the neurological effects on the human brain of close contact with dolphins. Production and uptake of the brain’s neurotransmitters are strengthened by dolphin contact.   

Such children will NOT be homosexuals or psychopaths 



Entrainment is  an aspect of resonance. Resonance may be defined as the frequency at which an object most naturally wants to vibrate.  One object may set another object into motion if it shares the same resonant frequency.


If, for example, you strike a tuning fork of 100 cycles per second and bring it near another tuning fork of that same frequency, the second tuning fork will be set in motion.  Even though it has not been struck, the second fork will begin to vibrate and sound merely by being in the same field as the vibrating tuning fork.


With entrainment you are changing the natural oscillatory patterns of one object and replacing them with the different oscillatory patterns of another object. You are actively changing the vibrations (the frequency or rhythm) of one object to another rate.


Sonic entrainment can be used for pain control, stress reduction and relaxation.  DNA sequence can be reconstituted from the scalar signal .
In India we hug vedic HUMPED cows to center ourselves

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC





Christianity lifted the Vishnu Matsya avatar story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid ark. 

While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes--after the pralaya .  


Vishnu killed demon Hayagriva hiding in the dark ocean depths with the genetic blue print of the 4 vedas,  and restored it to Brahma, who would then breathe out a re-create the new cosmos .



Back to coconut breaking—it sends a solition wave through akaasha.

Potential is only manifested when we provide the frequency information through our intentions— concept of MIND OVER MATTER.

Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZERO POINT FIELD , a vast unharnessed energy source . We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention can influence the universe.

Nikola Tesla was introduced to this ocean of energy --Akasha ( Ether ) by The Hindu great master Swami Vivekananda. He told Tesla that the "emptiness" of empty space is in fact not empty, but a great ocean of seething energy! 

This included the empty space within the atom in which electrons zoomed around. Akasha is the womb of creation bringing forth every physical aspect that can be perceived with the senses according to Hindu traditions.

Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things

 A beam of coherent intention is split into two—past and future. They meet in the present moment of NOW in the holographic universe.

Our brain stores information in a holographic form. Each cell in our body carries all the information's needed to produce a copy.
  
Your intention ( basically an impulse ) is a powerful activator of your internal pharmacy. “Deliver us from evil” is the usual intention. Each individual mind has access to the universal mind. Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy sea. 

We literally resonate the Cosmos. We know the principle of astrology are in consonance with the science of the future.


 The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention.  Longitudinal scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness. 



Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether..

Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words or Mantra, to DNA!. When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy blueprint.

Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.

Mind and matter are both made of the same basic stuff. The difference has to be found in the composition of vibration or ripples. Matter belongs to larger and slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute. Mind is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the consciousness of the absolute.


Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous speeds they could be the explanation of the non-local effects that were predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics.



Our universe is NOT a bunch of single individual parts of atoms, molecules, planets and stars that only maintain contact by separate forces such as gravity acting upon them. Quantum entangled particles keep their coherent relation eternally and are not bothered by any distance separating them whether it be a few millimetres or the distance of a galaxy.



Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. 

Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.

 Little did Darwin know , that Biology is a quantum DNA process. All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level. Newtons modern physics has set mankind back by many centuries.

Collective consciousness is a life force flowing through the universe. Remember, our wishes and our intentions create our reality.


WHEN YOU BREAK THE COCONUT YOU MUST SHUT OFF YOUR INTERNAL MIND-MONKEY CHATTER, BE IN THE MOMENT FOR THE BRIEF ALPHA STATE WITHOUT EGO , MAKE YOUR " INTENTION" RING THE TUNING FORK OF YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS -- TO RESONATE TO THE QUANTUM LEVEL ENERGY MATRIX -- -- AND UNLEASH THE SCALAR WAVES AT THE SPEED OF THOUGHT , LIKE A TSUNAMI -- NAY --SOLITON-- INTO THE FABRIC OF SPACE TIME , TO DO ITS OWN MIRACLE.






Chal, no more digressions for now-

The identification of Devanam piyadasi with Ashoka was confirmed by an FAKE inscription discovered in 1915 by C. Beadon, a British gold-mining engineer, at Maski, a village in Raichur district of Karnataka.

Another FAKE  rock edict is found at the village Gujarra in Datia district of Madhya Pradesh. This also shows the name "Ashoka" in addition to usual "Devanam piyadasi".

The inscriptions found in the eastern part of India were written in Magadhi Prakrit using the Brahmi script. These edicts were deciphered by British archaeologist and historian James Prinsep.

These retro-installed FAKE  inscriptions revolve around a few recurring themes:  Ashoka's conversion to Buddhism, the description of his efforts to spread Buddhism, his moral and religious precepts, and his social and animal welfare program—because vegetarian and peaceloving Hindus were killing all animals in our temples, right?

Ashoka apologizes ( public apology ) for the massacre in Kalinga and assures the people that he now only has their welfare in mind, since he has embraced DHAMMMA .

The white historian and the R controlled media has written all over the place that Chandragupta Maurya's embrace of GOODIE GOOD Jainism increased social and religious renewal and reform across his society—

- while Ashoka's embrace of GOODIE GOOD Buddhism laid the foundation of the reign of social and political peace and non-violence across all of India.

Surely Hindusim is a BAAAAAD religion, right?

The white invader lied when he wrote that when Alexander the great came to India , India had only tiny kingdoms, fighting with each other all the time.  

So our man , the Greeko was so kind that after capturing Taxila and Paurava kingdoms  , he just went back because his soldiers were tired .   See he is such a compassionate king.  

He is NOT only compassionate but also very a generous victor for he gave king  Porus his lost kingdom back , along with several other kingdoms which he has conquered.

Sorry, the first Kingdom Alexander came across was Taxila kingdom ( east of ancient Gandhara kingdom )  , whose  king Ambhi he bribed with 25 tons of gold ( stolen from Persia ) to be an ally.  

The next kingdom was Paurava.  The king of Paurava kingdom Porus screwed the hell out of Alexander and his Greek army with just 85 elephants and some psychological warfare by the pupils of Chanakya, who acted as guides. 

The white invader created several back dated plays written by Jain and Buddhist scholars to write FAKE history .  Why Jain and Buddhist ?   Because Hindus would NOT write FAKE history.   

And were NOT aged and self loathing converted Hindus Chandra Gupta Maurya a Jain and Chankaya and Ashoka Buddhists before they kicked their respective buckets ( SIC )  ?  

These Jain and Buddhist stooges painted Alexander as a GREAT and magnanimous and compassionate.

Taxila was the northwestern frontier of the then existing Indian subcontinent and the security of all Indian kingdoms were dependent on the protection provided by Taxila .  But the greedy king of Taxila formed an alliance with Alexander and opens the gates of India for him. 

Of course the next kingdom Paurava ( of King Porus ) decimated the Greek army.

Chanakya a Namboodiri who followed Hindu Dharma would only crush the serpent who came to kill him.  Or a foreign invader who came to steal and make his country a slave nation .

The word ‘Kautilya’ is being stereoptyped by western scholars and their Indian stooges . To do a Kautilya is made out to be -   treachery, cunningness, lying, divide and rule, kill without scruples etc.

Just a year ago , a Norwegian scholar  Ashild Kolas, in her article “ What up With Territorial Council” wrote “ Kautilyan tactics remain popular with India’s security establishment.” 

Sorry madame MIM, we have been at the receiving end from your white skinned race. They robbed us blind and converted India from the richest to the poorest nation in just 300 years. They stole our intellectual rights. They created and back back dated false heroes and gods for us to worship. They injected poison into our history and holy scriptures and made us self loathing. 

In 19 years India will be world’s No 1 superpower—and then it is payback time.

Meanwhile I suggest that you undo all the damage done to India’s honour. For example, none of the white skinned historians have a problem in writing today that Chandra Gupta Maurya drove away all the Greek Satraps installed by Alexander and re-took Indian territory beyond Afghanistan to Iran, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, which has been part of India since antiquity. 

When Alexander the Great died in 323 BC, his generals divided up his empire into satrapies, so that each of them would have a territory to rule.

The white invader and his Buddhist stooges LIE when they say that Chandragupta’s grandson, Ashoka is related  by blood to Siddhartha Gautama, the Buddha.  First of all King Piyadasi ( Ashoka-SIC  )  of the rock edicts was born 1700 later than Buddha.  

The white historian LIED when he wrote “ After the Nanda king who pulled Chankya’s hair tuft was killed,  Kautilya personally went to see the body and,  just before tying up his hair, he ordered the body to remain uncremated, to discard it and turn it into carrion.  This was a truly barbaric end and contrary to Indian tradition for any deceased and the highest insult for a man’s immortal soul”.

This is a foul lie .

No Namboodiri and that too a Vedic scholar will ever do such Adharma. 

It is the dharma of Sanatana Dharma to give your worst enemy a respectful burial. Such are the noble concepts of Hindusim.   In the Mahabharata war 4000 BC,  both the Pandava and Kaurava camps attended each other’s funerals after sunset and mourned for them.


The sentences in Arthashastra where Chanakya writes about Mossad  type covert assassinations, when to kill family members ( taking a cue Ashoka killed his 99 brothers –SIC  ) and such Machiavelli tactics are injected in place by the white invader.


The FAKE historians try to convince us that Ashoka really existed.  “ Dasaratha Maurya was the Emperor of the Mauryan dynasty from 232 BCE to 224 BCE. 

According to the Matsya Purana, he succeeded his grandfather Ashoka the Great.  He succeeded Ashoka after his uncle Kunala became blind, which made him unfit to rule  ”    .

What a sick joke—Matsya Purana was written thousands of years before the date they refer to.

The white historians and his Indian stooges have unfairly portrayed the Nanda kingdom as ruled by Shudra clan. Those days such varnas did NOT exist.

Chanakya was friendly with King Porus and has done the psychological warfare logistics as soon as he found out that the King of Taxila , Ambhi had received a bribe of 25 tons of gold from Alexander.   He used his own students who were classmates of Chandragupta Maurya to infiltrate Alexanders army as local guides. 

The Jains and the Buddhists wrote back dated plays and poems and sullied the reputations of these kings , just because they were Hindus.   The scenario today is all are SECULAR while the majority Hindus are COMMUNAL and RIGHT WING .   None of these Hindu kings had targeted Buddhists and Jains, who were in extreme minority . 

They cooked up storied how Chanakya was a psychopath misanthrope full of hate.    

Here is one example :  Once Chanakya was walking along a path when he tripped and fell due to Kusha grass.  He tried to uproot this Kusha gRass from the ground and was unable as the roots were too deep.   So he made a sweet milk solution and poured it on the grass, so that forest ants would come and eat up the entire sweetened grass.  TEE  HEEEEE !


 There are other back dated Buddhist accounts where when a thorn went into his foot, he pulled it out, ground it into paste,  mixed it with water and drank it up . TEE HEEEEE again !


Time to talk about Arthashasta.

The Arthashastra contains nearly 6000 sutras divided into 15 books, 150 chapters, and 180 sections.


The Arthashastra, ( 325 BC ) of Kautilya is divided into 15 voluminous books:

Concerning Discipline
The Duties of Government Superintendents
Concerning Law
The Removal of Thorns
The Conduct of Courtiers
The Source of Sovereign States
The End of the Six-Fold Policy
Concerning Vices and Calamities
The Work of an Invader
Relating to War
The Conduct of Corporations
Concerning a Powerful Enemy
Strategic Means to Capture a Fortress
Secret Means
The Plan of a Treatise

In a nutshell,  Book 1 is on ‘Fundamentals of Management’, Book 2 deals with ‘Economics’, Books 3, 4 and 5 on ‘Law’,  Books 6, 7 and 8 on Foreign Policies and Books 9 to 14 deals with ‘war’. Book 15 deals with the methodology and devices used in writing the Arthashastra.

Artha, literally means wealth.  

But in the  terms of Sanatana Dharma is NOT about wealth alone or materialistic accumulation.  .  Artha has to be seen from the perspective of a wisdom paradigm,  the absolute,  even the intangible ,  where it covers everything from money to knowledge to human spirit. Rather anything which is valuable to a human being –nay-- the science of  material happiness . 

Arthashastra outlined a fair but strong system of governance for the betterment of public and equated the success of the king with that of the public.

Money as beheld  by number crunching monkeys , is NOT everything .  It really takes an Indian DNA to understand this . 

Wealth grabbing and narrow minded Zionists will NEVER understand intangible hard to measure artha.

Arthashastra is a mindboggling treatise on mentoring of an inexperienced king instilling leadership spirit / royal dharma, participative governance,  art of governance , economics,  coinage, market regulation, how a state is to be run,  town building , public governance, state welfare , medicare , social engineering,  war strategies , international trade, commerce, taxation policy, treasury replenishment ,  wage structures, HR management,  change / time management, agriculture, banking , co-operative societies,  demand and supply , risk management, insurance, general and particular average, environment engineering,  law making, human rights,  entertainment for citizens, cultivable land distribution, effective /  fair judiciary,  court witness minimum qualifications, accountability of public officials, public transparency,  inner democracy , checks/ controls/feedback , balance of quality versus quantity,  weights /measures,  passports, tolls, customs, taxation, free trade zones, consumer is king rights,  natural resources management, mining, crop patterns, animal husbandry, water management, weather data collection and prediction, irrigation, sanitation, legal agreements,  partnership / joint ventures , building  smart towns , innovation centres,  fortifications, external espionage , internal spy network, and international relations.



 Most of the administrative suggestions prescribed by Chanakya in Arthashasta ( more than 6100 hymns ) are still relevant and practicable in the modern administrative world--and have been lifted and adopted by the white man.

Chanakya wanted central control of the State on almost all activities of governance. While the individual merchants were free to continue, they had to comply with the authorities appointed by the state.   Kautilya had appointed superintendents for almost every activity included in governance. 

Arthashastra had given due importance to passports. Every citizen had to carry a passport and this was applicable to the foreigners as well. Non compliance with this law led to a fine or imprisonment.

Arthashastra says  “Artisans shall, in accordance with their agreement as to time, place, and form of work, fulfil their engagements. Those who postpone their engagements under the excuse that no agreement as to time, place and form of work has been entered into shall, except in troubles and calamities, not only forfeit ¼th of their wages, but also be punished with a fine equal to twice the amount of their wages. They shall also make good whatever is thus lost or damaged. Those who carry on their work contrary to orders shall not only forfeit their wages, but also pay a fine equal to twice the amount of their wages.”

“Physicians undertaking medical treatment without intimating (to the government) the dangerous nature of the disease shall, if the patient dies, be punished with the first amercement. If the death of a patient under treatment is due to carelessness in the treatment, the physician shall be punished with the middle-most amercement. Growth of disease due to negligence or indifference (karmavadha) of a physician shall be regarded as assault or violence.”

“The Superintendent of Commerce shall allow the sale or mortgage of any old commodities (purána bhándanám) only when the seller or mortgagor of such articles proves his ownership of the same. With a view to prevent deception, he shall also supervise weights and measures. Difference of half a pala in such measures as are called parimání and drona is no offence. But difference of a pala in them shall be punished with a fine of 12 panas. Fines for greater differences shall be proportionally increased.”

“When a trader sells or mortgages inferior as superior commodities, articles of some other locality, as the produce of a particular locality, adulterated things, or deceitful mixtures, or when he dexterously substitutes other articles for those just sold (samutparivartimam), he shall not only be punished with a fine of 54 panas but also be compelled to make good the loss”

Arthashastra required that a court must not allow a person with a criminal background to appear as a witness. However, in India, we see FOREIGN MONEY being used to CREATE WITNESSES OUT OF THIN AIR to bail out terrorists and put even the Home Minister and DGP in jail.

We see criminals being inducted into Rajya Sabha , hand kissers of foreign forces becoming state governors, and even PM / President.


Chanakya was the first on this planet to envisage the concept of a ‘nation’.  This is why Capt Ajit Vadakayil calls Chanakya , the FATHER OF OUR NATION .   

Today desh drohi stooges who helped the white invaders rob bharatmata blind , while we were brainwashed to give lobe-nay-love and spin a charkha , are our heroes.


Chanakya wanted collection of the right amount of taxes at the right time from the right people. "Taxation should not be a painful process for the people. There should be leniency and caution while deciding the tax structure. Ideally, governments should collect taxes like a honeybee, which sucks just the right amount of honey from the flower so that both can survive. Taxes should be collected in small and not in large proportions".

Chanakya allowed exemptions and tax waivers  - In case of a widow with children to look after, the transferred income due to the death of her husband is exempt from taxation. In case of faulty rainfall or draught, agricultural produce is exempted from taxation. Taxes were exempted for heroic soldiers with exemplary record. Taxes were exempted in case of serious medical illness. The family of martyrs in war did not have to pay taxes. Chanakya was fair and compassionate , who felt the pulse of his citizens.

Chanakya knew that the most important factor of a state’s prosperity is dependant on foreign trade as well as on domestic trade.  It was the king’s duty to promote trade and commerce by maintaining trade routes connecting markets and industrial zones. 

The state ensured that trade routes free of harassment by courtiers, state officials, thieves and frontier guards.  The state kept a hawk’s eye on corrupt traders,  cartels who  fixed  prices to make excessive profits, hoarders and those who dealt in stolen property.  

He prescribed heavy fines for discouraging such offences by traders and with a view to provide consumer protection.  The law on dealings among private merchants included: (a) Selling on agency basis. (b) Revocation of contracts between traders. (c) Traders traveling together and pooling their goods.

Foreign traders had to pay a sum of money as a deposit in order to carry out business in the state.  This kept a check on foreign desh drohis who arrive to conduct business and destabilize the state  ( FDI you can call it today ).

Foreign traders were NEVER given the same status as the local traders  — unlike in modern India where these desh drohi  FDI bringing foreigner traders are given more privileges. Chanakya encouraged local exporters.

Import duties on foreign goods about  20% of their value.  Rome and Greece were  the major trading partners  of the Mauryan Empire.  Silver, marble,  chemicals, wine , olive oil etc  were imported .

Foreign merchants were not allowed to be sued by any parties for a commercial dispute. Only the local partner was allowed to be sued.  There was a threshold limit on profit . The usual permissible profit margin on imported goods was 10%. Foreign trade was conducted on a barter basis and NOT on currency.  

The State provided for the share of profits payable to the foreign king. All the expenses were calculated and the profitability of the trade was determined in a honest and transparent manner.

Arthashastra encouraged profitable trading . It did NOT advocate loss in trade even with a MFN partner.  Traders were encourages to give some concessions to MFN partners.

“Having ascertained the value of local produce as compared with that of foreign produce that can be obtained in barter, the superintendent will find out (by calculation) whether there is any margin left for profit after meeting the payments (to the foreign king) such as the toll (sulka), road-cess (vartaní), conveyance- cess (átiváhika), tax payable at military stations (gulmadeya), ferry- charges (taradeya), subsistence to the merchant and his followers (bhakta), and the portion of merchandise payable to the foreign king (bhága).  If no profit can be realised by selling the local produce in foreign countries, he has to consider whether any local produce can be profitably bartered for any foreign produce. Then he may send one quarter of his valuable merchandise through safe roads to different markets on land. In view of large profits, he (the deputed merchant) may make friendship with the forest guards, boundary-guards, and officers in charge of cities and of country-parts (of the foreign king).  He shall take care to secure his treasure (sára) and life from danger.  If he cannot reach the intended market, he may sell the merchandise (at any market) free from all dues (sarvadeyavisuddham).”

Chankaya was the first to introduce risk management.  Higher levels of risk and uncertainty had to be compensated with higher levels of profits. This is why he allowed 10% profits on imports while allowing only 5% on local trade. This was because imports had element beyond the control of the state , like goods getting stolen or damaged in transit. 

“An interest of a pana and a quarter per month per cent is just. Five panas per month per cent is commercial interest (vyávaháriki). Ten panas per month per cent prevails among forests. Twenty panas per month per cent prevails among sea-traders (sámudránám). Persons exceeding, or causing to exceed the above rate of interest shall be punished with the first amercement; and hearers of such transactions shall each pay half of the above fine.” 

This clearly shows that Kautilya has anointed riskier ventures with greater rates of interest. Risk  management,  was centralized. Almost all insurance was taken care of by the state. Private money lenders had to pay a sum of profits on interests to the state. They were also entitled to a limit on the amount of money they lent.  The private money lenders could also take up the risk for investments in merchandise. This right was granted only to people with enough income to dispose off and they have to be people of good character and families .

All modern methods of lending interest as a percentage were created 2400 years ago.  Chanakya propounded six different kinds of interests: compound interest, periodical interest, stipulated interest, daily interest, and the use of a pledged article. 

“The nature of the transactions between creditors and debtors, on which the welfare of the kingdom depends, shall always be scrutinized. Interest in grains in seasons of good harvest shall not exceed more than half when valued in money. Interest on stocks (prakshepa) shall be one-half of the profit and be regularly paid as each year expires. If it is allowed to accumulate owing to the intention or to the absence of the receiver or payer, the amount payable shall be equal to twice the share or principal (múlyadvigunah). A person claiming interest when it is not due, or representing as principal the total amount of his original principal and the interest thereon shall pay a fine of four times the amount under dispute (bandhachaturgunah).”

Interest rates varied from 1.25% to 2% per month. The rate of interest depended upon the risk involved and the potential productivity of the money borrowed. The highest rate of interest was 20% per month and was charged to those involved in exports / imports.

“Those who can be expected to relieve misery, who can give instructions to artisans, who can be trusted with deposits, who can plan artistic work after their own design, and who can be relied upon by guilds of artisans, may receive the deposits of the guilds. The guilds (srení) shall receive their deposits back in time of distress.”

Agriculture was given maximum state protection and sponsorship. Chanakya noted that  cultivable land is better than mines because mines fill only the treasury while agricultural production fills both treasury and store houses. 

“Possessed of the knowledge of the science of agriculture dealing with the plantation of bushes and trees (krishitantragulmavrikshsháyurvedajñah), or assisted by those who are trained in such sciences, the superintendent of agriculture shall in time collect the seeds of all kinds of grains, flowers, fruits, vegetables, bulbous roots, roots, fiber producing plants, and cotton. He shall employ slaves, labourers, and prisoners (dandapratikartri) to sow the seeds on crown-lands which have been often and satisfactorily ploughed. The work of the above men shall not suffer on account of any want in ploughs (karshanayantra) and other necessary instruments or of bullocks. Nor shall there be any delay in procuring to them the assistance of blacksmiths, carpenters, borers (medaka), rope makers, as well as those who catch snakes, and similar persons.”

 Expert weather forecasters were sponsored by the state. A good rainy season was when one-third of the annual rainfall occurs in the beginning and at the end of the season and two-thirds in the middle.

“The quantity of rain that falls in the country of jángala is 16 dronas; half as much more in moist countries (anúpánám); as to the countries which are fit for agriculture (désavápánam);--13½ dronas in the country of asmakas; 23 dronas in avantí; and an immense quantity in western countries (aparántánám), the borders of the Himalayas, and the countries where water channels are made use of in agriculture (kulyávápánám). When one-third of the requisite quantity of rain falls both during the commencement and closing months of the rainy season and two-thirds in the middle, then the rainfall is (considered) very even (sushumárúpam). A forecast of such rainfall can be made by observing the position, motion, and pregnancy (garbhádána) of the Jupiter (Brihaspati), the rise and set and motion of the Venus, and the natural or unnatural aspect of the sun. From the sun, the sprouting of the seeds can be inferred; from (the position of) the Jupiter, the formation of grains (stambakarita) can be inferred; and from the movements of the Venus, rainfall can be inferred. Three are the clouds that continuously rain for seven days; eighty are they that pour minute drops; and sixty are they that with the sunshine-this is termed rainfall. Where rain, free from wind and unmingled with sunshine, falls so as to render three turns of ploughing possible, there, the reaping of good harvest is certain.”


“According as the rainfall is more or less, the superintendent shall sow the seeds which require either more or less water. Sáli (a kind of rice), vríhi (rice), kodrava (Paspalum Scrobiculatum), tila (sesame), priyangu (panic seeds), dáraka, and varaka (Phraseolus Trilobus) are to be sown at the commencement (púrvávápah) of the rainy season. Mudga (Phraseolus Mungo), másha (Phraseolus Radiatus), and saibya are to be sown in the middle of the season. Kusumbha (safflower), masúra (Ervum Hirsute), kuluttha (Dolichos Uniflorus), yava (barley), godhúma (wheat), kaláya (leguminous seeds), atasi (linseed), and sarshapa (mustard) are to be sown last. Or seeds may be sown according to the changes of the season. Fields that are left unsown (vápátiriktam, i.e., owing to the inadequacy of hands) may be brought under cultivation by employing those who cultivate for half the share in the produce (ardhasítiká); or those who live by their own physical exertion (svavíryopajívinah)may cultivate such fields for ¼th or 1/5th of the produce grown; or they may pay (to the king) as much as they can without entailing any hardship upon themselves (anavasitam bhágam), with the exception of their own private lands that are difficult to cultivate.”


“The superintendent shall grow wet crops (kedára), winter-crops (haimana), or summer crops (graishmika) according to the supply of workmen and water. Rice-crops and the like are the best (jyáshtha, i.e., to grow); vegetables (shanda) are of intermediate nature; and sugarcane crops (ikshu) are the worst (pratyavarah, i.e., very difficult to grow), for they are subject to various evils and require much care and expenditure to reap. Lands that are beaten by foam (phenághátah, i.e., banks of rivers, etc.) are suitable for growing vallíphala (pumpkin, gourd and the like); lands that are frequently over flown by water (paríváhánta) for long pepper, grapes (mridvíká), and sugarcane; the vicinity of wells for vegetables and roots; low grounds (hariníparyantáh) for green crops; and marginal furrows between any two rows of crops are suitable for the plantation of fragrant plants, medicinal herbs, cuscus roots (usínara), híra, beraka, and pindáluka (lac) and the like. Such medicinal herbs as grow in marshy grounds are to be grown not only in grounds suitable for them, but also in pots (sthályam).”

 “Irrigational works (sétubandha) are the source of crops; the results of a good shower of rain are ever attained in the case of crops below irrigational works.”

“Of forts such as a fort on a plain, in the centre of a river, and on a mountain, that which is mentioned later is of more advantage than the one previously mentioned; of irrigational works (sétubandha), that which is of perennial water is better than that which is fed with water drawn from other sources; and of works containing perennial water, that which can irrigate an extensive area is better.”

  “In case of construction of new works such as tanks, lakes, etc; taxes on the lands below such tanks) shall be remitted for five years (Panchavárshikah parihárah). For repairing neglected or ruined works of similar nature, taxes shall be remitted for four years. For improving or extending water-works, taxes shall be remitted for three years. In the case of acquiring such newly started works by mortgage or purchase, taxes on the lands below such works shall be remitted for two years. If uncultivated tracts are acquired (for cultivation) by mortgage, purchase or in any other way, remission of taxes shall be for two years. Out of crops grown by irrigation by means of wind power or bullocks (vátapravartimanandinibandháyatana) or below tanks, in fields, parks, flower gardens, or in any other way, so much of the produce as would not entail hardship on the cultivators may be given to the Government. Persons, who cultivate the lands below tanks, etc., of others at a stipulated price (prakraya), or for annual rent (avakraya), or for certain number of shares of the crops grown (bhága) or persons who are permitted to enjoy such lands free of rent of any kind, shall keep the tanks, etc., in good repair; otherwise they shall be punished with a fine of double the loss. Persons, letting out the water of tanks, etc., at any other place than their sluice gate (apáre), shall pay a fine of 6 panas;and persons who recklessly obstruct the flow of water from the sluice- gate of tanks shall also pay the same fine.”

“The seeds of grains are to be exposed to mist and heat (tushárapáyanamushnam cha) for seven nights; the seeds of kosi are treated similarly for three nights; the seeds of sugarcane and the like (kándabíjánam) are plastered at the cut end with the mixture of honey, clarified butter, the fat of hogs, and cow dung; the seeds of bulbous roots (kanda) with honey and clarified butter; cotton seeds (asthibíja) with cow dung; and water pits at the root of trees are to be burnt and manured with the bones and dung of cows on proper occasions.”

In India agriculture is completely out of the purview of the tax regime . The farmers get free electricity. Using this concession sugar cane barons are minting money. Sugar cane is water intensive. Yet these barons lower the ground water level to make biofuel and alcohol rum. Maharashtra farmer keep committing suicide.

Arthashastra has taxed agriculture and allied activities (though it was one of the sole major sectors contributing to state welfare).

Chanakya was NOT in favour of too strong a centre. He wanted that people should be given rights and responsibilities such that they actively participate in the running of the state. But important powers were held by the centre.

 The public sector acted as a regulator of all economic activities in the society. The state allowed many private sectors to flourish.  This was done under the surveillance of the public sector which was run by the State.  The private players were given permission to take part in the economy only after verifications of their desh bhakti and ability to deliver the goods.

 All barren and unoccupied lands were controlled by the state. The ownership of unclaimed land was with the state. The State regularly leased land for peasants and the underprivileged for farming, for setting up businesses or for building settlements. He tenants had to pay a nominal sum of money to the state as fees.

Mining and fishing were predominantly controlled by the State. However, the State also allowed private sectors to carry out this trade by paying a trade tax to the State.  Salt pans worked under the complete authority of the State.

Manufacture and sale of was the State’s monopoly.  Any person involved in this was severely punished.  The State private sector to handle animal husbandry .  Forestry and mining were monopolies of the State.  Forest superintendents were appointed by the State to protect wildlife and precious wood and produce.

Arthashastra gives tips on human resource management which is applicable even today- recruitment and selection, organizational design , change management, time management, performance appraisals, employee relation, compensation, rewards, training , mentoring , bonuses etc.

Arthashastra identifies four kinds of people who could be lured; the angry, the timid, the greedy and the proud.  These are the four basic behaviours which could lead to one’s downfall. There were comprehensive methods who to lure such groups of people. The proud were given an ego massage.

Wages should be high enough to maintain the loyalty of the officials, to evoke the needed efficiency and to reflect the relative importance of their occupation.  Wages were mostly based on performance and skill involved.

“The artisans employed in the office shall do their work as ordered and in time. When under the excuse that time and nature of the work has not been prescribed, they spoil the work, and they shall not only forfeit their wages, but also pay a fine of twice the amount of their wages. When they postpone work, they shall forfeit one- fourth the amount of their wages and pay a fine of twice the amount of the forfeited wages. Those women who can present themselves at the weaving house shall at dawn be enabled to exchange their spinning for wages (bhándavetanavinimayam).”

 “Delay in paying the wages shall be punished with the middlemost amercement. The same would be the case when wages are paid for work that is not completed.”

“Disputes regarding wages shall be decided on the strength of evidences furnished by witnesses. In the absence of witnesses, the master who has provided his servant with work shall be examined.”

 “Failure to pay wages shall be punished with a fine of ten times the amount of wages (dasabandhah), or 6 panas; misappropriation of wages shall be punished with a fine of 12 panas or of five times the amount of the wages (panchabandho vá).”

“A worker neglecting or unreasonably putting off work for which he has received wages shall be fined 12 panas and be caught-hold of till the work is done. He who is incapable to turn out work, or is engaged to do a mean job, or is suffering from disease, or is involved in calamities shall be shown some concession or allowed to get the work done by a substitute. The loss incurred by his master or employer owing to such delay shall be made good by extra work.”

 “Assisted by his prime minister (mantri) and his high priest, the king shall, by offering temptations, examine the character of ministers (amátya) appointed in government departments of ordinary nature. Of these tried ministers, those whose character has been tested under religious allurements shall be employed in civil and criminal courts (dharmasthaníyakantaka sodhaneshu); those whose purity has been tested under monetary allurements shall be employed in the work of a revenue collector and chamberlain; those who have been tried under love-allurements shall be appointed to superintend the pleasure-grounds (vihára) both external and internal; those who have been tested by allurements under fear shall be appointed to immediate service; and those whose character has been tested under all kinds of allurements shall be employed as prime ministers (mantrinah), while those who are proved impure under one or all of these allurements shall be appointed in mines, timber and elephant forests, and manufactories.”

 “Teachers have decided that in accordance with ascertained purity, the king shall employ in corresponding works those ministers whose character has been tested under the three pursuits of life, religion, wealth and love, and under fear.”

"In the happiness of the subjects lays the happiness of the king and in what is beneficial to the subjects his own benefit. What is dear to the king is not beneficial to him, but what is dear to the subjects is beneficial to him"

The qualities of a good leader include: (a) Piety; (b) Truthfulness; (c) Reliability; (d) Gratefulness; (e) Liberality; (f) Promptness; (g) Freedom from vices; (h) Long term vision; (i) Conduct in conformity with the advice of elders.

 ‘The leader with his senses under control must avoid doing injury to others, sloth, capriciousness, association with harmful persons and any transaction associated with unrighteousness or harm.”

“The king should be ever active to carry out the management of material wellbeing, which will in turn lead to spiritual wellbeing and happiness.”

“The king should avoid even a big profit that would be injurious to the subjects.”


In his war strategies against external threats Chanakya  lays down methods of sabotage, instilling awe,  demoralization,  disappointment and loss of confidence among the enemy ranks, prior to launching a full-scale assault on the enemy bastion.  Methods of how to weaken an enemy’s resolve by cutting off food , water and supply lines was laid down.
  
Arthashastra regarding spying as an indispensable and integral part of an efficient administration and of a sound foreign policy.  It gave true feedback to the king of the activities, afflictions, and operations of political adversaries: their disloyal and disgruntled elements, fifth columnists and foreign agents in their midst, also the strength and intentions of all foreign power.

The Arthasastra mentions two wings of ‘secret service’, viz. ‘samstha‘ and ‘sancara‘. The agents belonging to ‘samstha’ were stationed in the Establishment financed by the State, whereas the ‘sancaras’ moved from place to place depending on dynamics and professional requirements. The spymasters of the two wings headed their respective cadre of agents, and controlled their operations. The members of one group were not aware of the existence of the other.

Launching into too much detail is beyond the scope of this post.  The few passages above above is just for the reader to get a feel ,  of how a genius mind worked 2400 years ago.

 Arthashastra is fruit of  practical experience of running a state.  It is not just a normative text but a realist description of the art of running a state.

Arthashastra takes into account political realism .  He believed that politics, like society in general, is governed by objective laws that have their roots in human nature. Political realism avoids reinterpreting reality to fit the policy.  A good foreign policy minimizes risks and maximizes benefits. Political realism is aware of the moral significance of political action. It is also aware of the tension between the moral command and the requirements of successful political action.   Political realism is based on a pluralistic conception of human nature.



Chanakya  decries that the primary duty of a king is to protect "Dharma" or righteousness in society.  That king who upholds righteousness and virtue will have happiness in this world and also in the next.  Chanakya declared that a king who uses his power improperly and unjustly  deserves to be punished.

 "The happiness of the commoners is the happiness of the king. Their welfare is his welfare. A king should never think of his personal interest or welfare, but should try to find his joy in the joy of his subjects." –these are written words of Chanakya.

Arthashastra envisioned -
A self sufficient agriculture based economy which is not dependent on foreign trade.
An egalitarian society where there are equal opportunities for all.

A cultured society where the people are not running behind material pleasures--where there is control over the sense organs-- where there is spiritual development is essential for the internal strength and character of the individual. 

The diplomatic enclave in New Delhi is named Chanakyapuri in honour of Chanakya. Institutes named after him include Training Ship Chanakya, Chanakya National Law University and Chanakya Institute of Public Leadership.

I would advise Narendra Modi to expunge all these FAKE history accounts written by R communist historians  like Satish Chandra, RS Sharma, Rominal Thapar etc in our NCERT school books .

Ran Sharan Sharma wrote a book in 1977, “ Ancient India” which was full of lies.  Being a Hindu he queries the truths of Ramayana and Mahabharata.

He write: “Although Krishna plays an important role in the Mahabharata, inscriptions and sculptural pieces found in Mathura dating back to 200 BC and 300 AD do not attest to his presence. Because of this, ideas of an epic age based on the Ramayana and Mahabharata have to be discarded..."

I wish someone shows him the 12000 year old submerged city of Dwaraka





JUDAS Indians have dragged Bharatmata to the whorehouse , and did propaganda to make naïve Indian believe it.   They got millions of dollars cash awards for doing this.

 Some just had a mental kink— just being on the top 100 of Time magazine or Forbes magazine was good enough for these desh drohis.  

Some of these JUDASES did so , to enable their children wrangle a seat in some foreign opium drug money founded university.  

Today we know the ZIONIST SCHOLARSHIP WESTERN UNIVERITY EDUCTAED JUDAS INDIANS . We know which all JUDASES ( includes judges ) got their children into these Opium founded western universities.  They are being watched.

Chanakya had warned that the death of the King should never announced immediately.    

Before the demise of the king, in each and every nook and corner (sensitive places ) of the capital city security forces must take over.    

And  only then the death of the King must be announced !! 

You would have known that BBC send their representative Mark Tully to actually witness the assassination of Indira Gandhi.   They knew for sure, what would transpire.

BBC announced the death of PM Indira Gandhi ( WHO NATIONALISED THE ZIONIST BANKS )  before we Indians could even react on a PLAN B — 

-- and we know how the riots took place, alienating the Sikhs -- the loyal children of bharatmata. 



Today the desh bhakt Sikhs know that the top Khalistani leaders were in the payroll of Zionist International Banksters . 
  



Who says Alexander is Great?

This man has NO qualifications to be called Great!

An OPPORTUNISTIC HOMOSEXUAL  man who married an Indian girl to have a deal with King Ambi of Taxila. 

A man  who used his Indian wife to tie a rakhi on Porus and buy a truce, when the chips were down.

Why is history silent about the atrocities of Alexander ?  

Chanakya knew from his students at Taxila that in Tyre “Alexander the NOT so great”  crossed all boundaries of brutality and sold its women and children into slavery.  

This was his way of preventing revolts once he left a conquered kingdom. 

Gaza was another one such kingdom in Egypt that revolted and where Alexander repeated what he did in Tyre.

Sorry this is the Internet era .

The range of subjects taught in the university of Taxila were math, astronomy, economics, geography, surgery, ayurveda, physics, chemistry, astrology, statecraft ( for princes ), agriculture, martial arts,  philosophy, commerce , law etc..

Patliputra had another great University named Nalanda.  

Chankaya used to travel from Taxila to Nalanda as a much sought after visiting professor—such was his fame .  The Chinese traveler Fahian, who visited the city in 399 AD described it as prosperous city endowed with rich natural resources.

Long before Clausewitz came up with the quote, which said "War is only the continuance of state policy by other means",   Chanakya had already written it in his book ‘Nitishastra ’.    Most of his views were so amazing and farsighted that they appeared to be prophesies for future times .

The passages where Chanakya says in his works “ ‘The ends justify the means’ and the ruler should use any means to attain his goals and his actions required no moral sanctions.”  is injected by the white invader.   

In politics, Chanakya has NEVER advocated the use of false accusations and killings by a king’s secret agent .  

Nor did Chanakya ever write that the observance of morals and ethics was not necessary for a ruler.  All his written works namely, ‘Arthashastra’ and ‘Nitishastra’ advocated  a level headed rational  approach and an unabashed advocacy of real politic, that was all .

Chanakya has not advocated  ruthlessness — unless it is to pro-actively crush a black mamba type enemy from abroad coming to enslave your motherland and rob her blind --like Alexander the Gay..

Chanakya used to dress up in cotton mundu , the Kerala way, and his appearance was a bit too simple and funny , for a professor or the Prime Minister of a mighty nation.

When Chankaya became old he donated his meager wealth to the poor and like Chandra gupta Maurya went on sanyas to Kashi.

The white invader claimed that Chandra Gupta Maurya centralized prosititution and gambling. 

“ It controlled prices and trade, including trade in liquor and prostitution. It obliged drinking places to have couches, scents, water and other amenities, and drinking places and "public houses" were not to be near each other-BLAH BLAH “ . 

This is a LIE.

In Arthasastra poison has been injected by the white historian , where “ aggrandizement is human nature, that a power superior in strength to another power should launch a war against that power, and that war keeps a nation's blood circulation regular”.

Chanakya has been vilified by western scholars, just to justify the defeat of the Greeko Satraps... He was compassionate to the poor and kind, harsh to the evil and deceitful.  

LIES galore by the western historian- “ People who were considered dangerous to Chanakya , might disappear without a trace.  He had food tasters in order to avoid being poisoned. And he never slept in the same bed two nights in succession” 

Hindu king Ashoka is said to have been of a wicked nature and bad temper. He submitted his ministers to a test of loyalty and had 500 of them killed.  He also kept a harem of around 500 women.  When a few of these women insulted him, he had the whole lot of them burnt to death. He also built hell on earth, an elaborate and horrific torture chamber. This torture chamber earned him the name of Chand Ashoka (Sanskrit), meaning Ashoka the Fierce”

BAAAD Hinndusim.

He must convert to GOOODIE GOOD Buddhism—el pronto and save his soul.
As a prime minister Chanakya mentored kings Chandra Gupta Maurya and Bindusara.

It was NOT back seat driving. Rather nurturing his disciples.

Once he accomplished his purpose, he just retired and went on sanyas for a life of contemplation, as per Sanatana Dharma.

Kautilya / Chankaya was a man of DEEDS AND NOT WORDS.

He had NO time for fools.

He is criticized for doing what’s necessary.  He was the one who had no hesitation to spill the blood of one bad black mamba , to save many innocent lives.

Even the modern global diplomacy revolves around the Chanakya’s principle of  “saam, daam, dand, bhed” = “persuade, purchase, punish, exploit the weakness’ , to screw his defaulters .

World history is simple incomplete without mentioning his great contributions.


The third Purushartha is DHARMA.

Dharma is always mentioned first whenever the scriptures talk about the four purusharthas - Dharma, Artha, Kama and Moksha.

The word Dharma has wide yet subtle implications, and no word in English language can describe it.

We use or conscience programmed in our DNA to apply Dharma .  There is a holistic spirit of live and let live. When we do Namaste we respect the greatness in the other man who has been created by god..

Dharma makes a Hindu sensitive to others. It makes us  care for others, it brings necessary magnanimity to look at others as part of one whole..

Dharma causes a Hindu NOT to exploit vulnerability or breach a trust.

The moment we see the whole world as one great whole, we also become sensitive to a supreme intelligence, who has created a great work of harmony .

We Hindus do not FEAR God. We love god who gives us HOPE.. We are NOT afraid of judgement day. 

We Hindus are NOT afraid of hell as there IS no hell concept in Hindusim…

Dharma does not make us afraid of God, but rather shows that he is someone who deserves our greatest love and reverence. We are his in a spirit of surrender and grateful  love.

Every mantra has gratitude woven into it.  A Hindu by listening to any mantra understands that gratitude is the noblest of all virtues. Grateful people experience very deep levels of happiness.

This is the reason why Hindus are the happiest people on this planet , even through he is NOT rich. Gratitude is not only the greatest virtue, but is is the parent of all other human virtues.

Grateful people have memories stored inside their hearts. When you take care of your old and helpless parents , you are a grateful guy, and the ultimate in courtesy. Gratitude is the most beautiful and fragrant flower, in the garden of your soul.

We know how the white man throws his parents into an old home at the first opportunity. These ungrateful people are really the scum of earth . An ungrateful guy has only one vice, the rest of all his vices and crimes can pass off as virtues.

Greed's worst and darkest point is ingratitude. Gratitude has a unique relationship with your mental and physical health. Grateful people are happier, less stressed and happier with social relationships.
  
Grateful people have better self acceptance and are at peace with themselves. This is the magic of HOPE and GRATITUDE in Sanatana Dharma.   

Grateful Hindus have more positive ways to cope up with difficulties, and are more likely to seek help. They are less likely to avoid a problem, blame themselves and then get drunk or use drugs--for they sleep better, having less negative chatter in their minds.

It is gratitude that gives a Hindus bliss and peace.

We Hindus worship our dead ancestors by a ritual knows as Pitr Paksh or Shraddh.  Shraadh is a ritual wherein our dead ancestors are remembered with GRATITUDE, love and nostalgia.

It has a lot to do with the Y chromosome , kept alive by the wise Maharishis  - - modern science will understand all this only after 100 years .

Markandeya Purana says that if the ancestors are content with the shraddhas, they will bestow health and happiness  upon the performer.

However let it be known that the underlying emotion is gratitude and NOT selfisness . The ritual in remembrance of one's ancestors is known as Shraadh. It can be done at home . However Hindus prefer to visit holy river ghats to do this .  After the ritual we feed poor people and give charity.

The prayers offered during shraddha ritual - among many from Rig Veda ( 5000 BC ) .

'उदीरतामवर उत् परास उन्मध्यमा: पितर सोम्यास: ।
असुं य ईयुरवृका ऋतज्ञा: ते नोऽवन्तु पितरो हवेषु ।।'
                             - ऋग्वेद, मंडल १०, सूक्त १५, ऋचा १


Meaning: Let the ancestors residing on Earth attain an evolved region. Let the ancestors who are in heaven, that is, at a higher plane of existence, never degrade. Let the ones who are at a medium plane of existence,  attain a higher plane. Let the ancestors who symbolise the Truth protect us.

People who will get Moksha after death ( zero karmic baggage ) have huge auras.

A man/ woman who dies and whose cremation pyre is lit by the son , and whose first Shraadha is done the right way with gratitude by the son, gets conditionally propelled to the next higher energy plane, as per our scriptures .

The white man pooh poohed the re-birth theory of Sanatana Dhama – but quietly they do  past life regression, which they lifted from Charaka 4200 BC to get rid of their  deep rooted phobias, negativity , greed and jealousy.

The white man now wants to be cremated all over the world.  Muslims are stuck due to apostasy laws.

This cremation trend was started by the German Quantum scientists who converted to Hinduism, shell shocked that Quantum physics was NOTHING but Vedanta. Only great minds can interpolate the verses of Vedanta.

The greatness of Hindu festivals and rituals is that GRATITUDE is woven into everything .

The white invader has injected poison everywhere. The immoral white invader wrote that Sita did the Pitru Paksha for Lord Ram’s father at Gaya.

This triggered off a huge rush to Gaya and women started doing Pitru Paksha against the tenets and traditions of Sanatana Dharma.

First of all when Bharata came running to Lord Rama with the news of his father death,  Ram was NOT anywhere near Gaya.   He did the Pitru Shraadh at Tirunelli Papanashini river in Kerala, where the previous avatar of Vishnu Lord Parashurama did for his own father Jamagdini..

My own father's shraadh was done here .

Lord Parashurama took a ritual did at Tirunelli to wash away the bad karma accumulated by annihilation of Kshatriyas and snatching away the lands of  Thiyyas by axe power in 4000 BC, and donating it to Namboodiris.

The ashes of Rajiv Gandhi was immersed in Tirunelli in 1991

As per our scriptures when Garuda’s circled over, a drop of Amrit fell on the stream, which provided purifying power to the water in the stream.  After that incident the stream came to be called Papanasini ( remover of bad karma ) .

There is a rock is supposed to be the bone of an asuran (demon) named Pazhana-bhedi, who was killed by Vishnu.  Lord Rama and his brother Lakshmana performed the ‘pithrukarma’ of their father King Dasaratha,  standing on this rock.

We in Kerala have recorded everything.

We know who the DASAS are.

We know who Radha is.

We know who Asoka is.

श्राद्धं कन्यागते भानौ यो न कुर्याद् गृहाश्रमी ।
धनं पुत्रा: कुततस्य पित्रुकोपाग्निपीडनात् ।।
यावच्च कन्यातुलयो: क्रमादास्ते दिवाकर: ।
शून्यं प्रेतपुरं तावद् यावद् वृश्चिकदर्शनम् ।। - महाभारत


Meaning: How will a householder who does not perform shraddha while the sun is stationed in the Kanya, that is, Virgo sign and thereby invites the ire of the departed ancestors, acquire wealth, son etc.? --   Mahabharata 4000 BC

In Sanatana Dharma deceased ancestors (pitar) are protectors of the blood lineage.  If kuladharma like the rituals of shraddha is followed, purity of the lineage is certain.  There will be NO perverted homosexuals.

As per Hindu scriptures, due to insatiated and disturbed deceased ancestor’s souls there is possibility of distress like not getting married, marital disharmony,  not conceiving,  abortion, giving birth to a mentally retarded or handicapped baby,  getting nightmares, seeing snakes in dreams , lack of REM sleep etc.

पतन्ति पितरो ह्येषां लुप्तपिन्डोदकक्रिया
- Shrimadbhagwatgita 1.42 -4000 BC

Meaning:  Due to the nonperformance of rituals like pinda shraddha and offering water to deceased ancestors etc, the ancestors of such people (who do not perform Shraaddh) have to reside in the lower gross energy planes  .  This results in stagnation and erosion of the descendants .

Only seers can tell us if we are suffering due to distress caused by ancestors' souls or if we might face such distress in the future. 

Signs are  –  endless ego clashes between the family members, unemployment despite being qualified , unable to save any money,  serious illness creating depression,  unable to get married in spite of all favorable conditions,  unable to cope up with the partner after marriage,  unable to conceive,  abortion,  giving birth to a physically or mentally handicapped baby and developing phobias , vices and addictions.  

Western philosophy is useless as it has NO spirituality woven into it. Spirituality without ancient traditions of  rituals prescribed by seers is lifeless and  insipid.  

It is only when the rituals are separated from the faith and assume an independent existence that they become mechanical and lifeless.

There are NO superstitions in Hinduism, other than the FAKE ones attributed to us by the immoral white invader to make Hindus look stupid.

I had read a book written by the white collector of Calicut , enumerating our superstitions, all bull.  I am sure he would have a huge laugh with his wife over brandy and cigars.

Doing rituals together in a group is a time for ritual bonding.

A Jiva ( live human ) who has cast off his physical sheath is called a Preta ( soul ). The part of the Sraaddh performed to help him ascend to a beneficial  energy plane at this stage is called the Preta Kriya. 

The son who does not perform Sraaddh  and Tarpan deliberately ( too westernized ) is an ungrateful son. He accumulates instant bad karma .

The sacred scriptures declare: "He who does not perform Sraaddh takes his next birth as a miserable unhealthy man “

The Rig Veda (10.14.2 and 7) mentions the pitruloka as a astral plane place where souls of dead people are parked , awaiting the next call.   The word ‘tarpana’ means satiating .

YAMA IS IN CHARGE OF THE BOTTOM ASTRAL 6 LAYERS .

Hinduism is an easy field for endless soul harvesting , right ? 
Not any more !!

GARUDA PURANA has been poison injected , with  god of death YAMA stuff..

Check out the last part of the post below—with nice juicy pictures of PUNISHMENTS IN HELL—ALL WHITE LIES
.
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/king-vali-and-queen-tara-of-ramayana.html


THERE IS NO HELL IN HINDUISM.


DNA can be altered through magnetic fields, heart coherence, Sanskrit mantras, positive mental states and intention.  Genetic determinism is a flawed theory.  Factors like love and appreciation ( positive quantum nutients ) or anxiety and anger ( negative QN ) also influence a person’s DNA blueprint program.

When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body. We can counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states of care, gratitude , appreciation and love.

When a Hindus says THANK YOU he means it. It is NOT some empty word to be thrown around to show that you have culture  –“Arigatou gozaimasu”.

Happiness is never too far behind a grateful mind and a peaceful heart devoid of jealousy.

If you go to their drug addiction centres or rehabilitation centres for people in acute depression, they are made to repeat like zombies—“ we are grateful to the sun “  “ we are grateful to the water” BLAH BLAH in a most stupid manner.

Gratitude has the strongest link with mental health of any trait.


Why do you think the white man comes to India to heal his soul and spirit?  There is NO medicine for this.  He goes back with the dark spots in his aura filled up --he sheds his negativity.

Dharma broadly means righteousness.   Hinduism is a spiritual code based on dharma.  Hindusim has core values like integrity, ethics, compassion , fairness, transparency, respect , tolerance for culture, sense of responsibility, spirit of inclusion etc . 

We temper all technical judgments by the need to support and maintain human values. Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma. 

As per the Bhagawat Gita , the fundamentals of dharma are-- truth, grace, restraint, love, non-violence, restraint, lack of jealousy and greed, knowledge of self and austerity. 

In the Bhagwat Gita, Lord Krishna declares to Arjuna 6000 years ago:

Dharmenaavirodheshu Kaamosmi Bharatarshabha
“I am those desires that are not against the Dharma”

The basic spirit of science is to conquer nature while dharma motivates us to respect it and live in tune with it.  

Science, even though says that there can be no effect without a cause yet does not accept any intelligent cause of the creation. They prefer to say it was all an accident, a big bang that started this whole process.

Sanatana Dharma Dharma on the other hand says that the creation is so orderly, glorious and purposeful that we cannot in our wildest dreams think that this is all a product of an accident. A sperm cell does NOT become a beautiful new born baby by accident.

We look upon the whole creation as a great, grand orchestra . Only a person who understand the nuances of music can enjoy the music who becomes sensitive to it.  Same way only a person who enjoys  holistic living can see amazing harmony and order around.

Acceptance of creator God is the essence of Dharma.  Acceptance of God prepares a Hindu for our real goal of life, called Moksha.

Dharma is a concept of central importance in Indian philosophy and religion. However dharma is not the same as religion.  Man's understanding of the dharma of inanimate things is what we now call physics. Law in the universal or abstract sense, dharma designates those behaviours considered necessary for the maintenance of the natural order of things.

Dharma governed by human conscience is 'the path of righteousness', the way of 'correct', 'appropriate', 'decent', or 'proper' behaviour.  Dharma is the moral law combined with spiritual discipline that guides one's life.

Hindus consider dharma the very foundation of life. It means "that which holds" the people of this world and the whole creation. Dharma is the "law of being" without which things cannot exist.
In the Rigveda, there is this belief (and observation) that a natural justice and harmony pervades the natural world.



Openness is the essence of Hinduism.   There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths. The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. 

It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of Dharma. It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations. It has its own beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy and theology. 

Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seeks and moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort. Hindu scripture, based on the insights of noble and graceful Hindu sages and seers, serves primarily as a guidebook.

This is how the Supreme Court of India has defined dharma . “Dharma” is that which upholds, nourishes or supports the stability of the society, maintains the social order and secures the general well-being and progress of mankind”

The ultimate goal for Sanatana Dharma is material and spiritual well-being of the mankind. It is a matter of shame that the all important Right to Happiness doesn’t find a place in the much tom tommed acclaimed Universal Charter of Human Rights.


Hitopadesha says :-.

Those who think "He is mine", "He is not", are petty minded".  Those who are large hearted regard the world as one family.   Consumption of food, sleep, fear, and enjoyment of sex are common to man and animal.  But, 'Dharma' is a special attribute of the conscious man . Bereft of 'Dharma', man is equal to anima1.

Whether the rules of Dharma that :
1. Everyone should tell the truth;
2. No one should indulge in violence against other living beings;
3. No one should acquire illegitimate wealth;
4. Every one should establish control over his senses;
5. There should be purity in thought, speech and deed;
6. Everyone should render service to other individuals;
7. Every one should eschew selfishness and greed.
8. The world should be regarded as one family.

Speak the truth; follow the prescribed conduct;
Do not fail to pay attention to truth;
Never fail to perform duty
Do not disregard what is proper and good
Treat your Mother, Father and Teacher as equal to God
So also, treat your guest as God
Those acts that are irreproachable alone are to be performed, and not those that are forbidden
This is the directive.  This is the advice. This is the discipline to be observed throughout life
(Taittiriyopanishad- 5000 BC )


Examples of dharma that apply to day-to-day life:

Vyakti dharma - the dharma of an individual
Parivarika dharma - family dharma (also called kutumba dharma)
Samaja dharma - societal dharma
Rashtra dharma - national dharma
Manava dharma - the dharma of mankind
Varna dharma - professional dharma
apad dharma - exceptional/abnormal situational dharma
Yuga dharma - dharma applicable for an age

Ashrama dharma - dharma for stage of life
When you enter the Indian Parliament Building in New Delhi , you come face to face with a Sanskrit verse:

Ayam Nijah Paroveti Ganana Laghu Chetasaam
Udaara Charitaanaam tu Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam


“Small and narrow-minded people look at the reality in terms of ‘this is yours and this is mine’; for those of higher consciousness the whole world is a family”.


Alexander the Great’s generals and historians had written that the army of King Porus never retaliated with dirty tactics even when dirty tactics were used on them. The Greeks recorded that Indians fought a dharma yudha ( war with ethics ) respecting the enemy soldier’s life.


The Western historians lied that Alexander defeated Porus. It was actually the other way around. King Porus spared and even saved Alexander's life and helped him to get out of India in one piece.

Below: THANK GOD THE BRITISH INVADED INDIA 





When the white Christian man first stepped into India in 1498, India was the world’s richest country. 

India held 40% of the world's GDP.  India and China together held 58% of the world's GDP in 1498.  These are conservative estimates by the white man himself , like how Alexander defeated Porus.

When the British finally left in 1947, India was converted to one of the poorest countries on the planet.

In such a short time they built roads, railway, harbors , airports and bridges to rob India blind.  After that these immoral people ridiculed us as being beggars.

Below: We get PERCEPTION MOULDERS on prime time benami foreign owned TV





Below:   THANK GOD THE BRITISH INVADED INDIA !




Even the Kohinoor diamond on the queens crown was stolen from India.  Rothschild’s ( German Jew owner of British East India company ) massive wealth is from India.   Before 7000 BC India ruled the whole world. This was a benevolent rule of Raja dharma where the emperor only gave and never took.

Today the West tries to equate India with the Hopi , Mayans, Incas, Sumerians , Egyptians etc.  None of them have left behind ancient wisdom consisting of philosopy, astronomy, math, science, medicine healing etc in books. 

On the contrary ancient India has left behind 100 times more written wisdom 7000 years ago—when no other civilization existed.

In a most cunning and immoral manner they compare civilizations without a written language with the glory of India.  More of less like comparing a pebble with the sun. 

You really have no idea of the glory of ancient Indian books.  You must understand that 7000 years ago, he whole world was running around naked , living in caves, clubbing down animals for raw meat and doing GRUNT GRUNT for language.

You can download the Monier Monier Willaims Sanskrit dictionary on the internet— or you can see it on line.  This Sanskrit dictionary compiled by an Englishman contains only 60% of the Sanskrit words. 

Yet it is three times the size of a modern English Dictionary which has lifted words from all major languages of the world— just to prove that stupid English is a great language.



Have you ever seen a ridiculous Spelling Bee contest?  

Can you give me the definition please , language of origin please , part of speech please , alternate pronunciations please , word's usage in a sentence please, alternate definitions of the word please , does the word have a specified root please , c an you #$%^  yourself please  – ridiculous is NOT the word.

SANSKRIT-- is the oldest language in the world , with the most immense vocabulary, clear speech, perfect pronunciation, accurate expression and politeness.


Since Panini wrote the adaptable Sankrit grammar 7500 years ago, there has been NO changes, it is that perfect-- the work of a genius!!


Vedas were written in 5000 BC in Sanskrit. Sanskrit has a construct like geometry in cymatics and can be digitalised. 

IT IS POSSIBLE TO MAKE CONSCIOUS COMPUTERS IF THIS LANGUAGE IS ADAPTED TO COMPUTERS. 

It can be adapted to Backus-Naur Form grammar that is used to describe modern programming languages today NASA had declared that sanskrit is the only unambiguous spoken language on the planet. 

Its alphabets are impeccably arranged. There are no proper nouns in Sanskrit. Every single Sanskrit word has a meaning built into the word itself.

NASA had declared that sanskrit is the only unambiguous spoken language on the planet. Its alphabets are impeccably arranged. There are no proper nouns in Sanskrit. Every single Sanskrit word has a meaning built into the word itself.

The principles of sound harmonics working precisely and consistently through the entire language, from the basic four sounds through thousands of words and their variations. The way words unfold from their seed forms is amazing. The mathematical precision throughout the language and give it its extraordinary power .

There is a direct link between the sound and signs,it is phonetic. The writing of Sanskrit language is based on the sound of the spoken form. Sanskrit has no spelling, nor there are any silent letters . 

There is logic in its sound system, and a natural continuity in its word-making as well as sentence-making. Sanskrit sentence structure is flexible--to hell with syntax. The order of words in a sentence does not matter.
  
Sanskrit has three genders (masculine, feminine, and neuter), three numbers (singular, dual, and plural), and eight cases (nominative, accusative, instrumental, dative, ablative, genitive, locative, and vocative), although only in the singular of the most common declension does a noun show different forms for each case. 

Adjectives are inflected to agree with nouns. Verbs are inflected for tense, mode, voice, number, and person.

There is a vibration or resonance in the sounds of Sanskrit and hence is the choice language for mantras.( CYMATICS )

Sanskrit grammar has extensive  grammatical tenses.  There are ten tenses: one form for the present tense, three forms for the past tense and two forms for the future tense.

There is also imperative mood, potential mood, benedictive mood (called asheerling, which is used for indicating a blessing), and conditional.  Each tense has three separate words for each of the three grammatical persons (first person, second person and third person), and it further distinguishes if it’s referring to one, two, or more than two people (called eakvachan, dvivachan and bahuvachan).

There are three categories of the verbs called atmanepadi, parasmaipadi and ubhaipadi. These forms indicate whether the outcome of the action is related to the doer or the other person or both. In this way there are ninety forms of one single verb.

Sanskrit words are formed of a root word called dhatu.  For instance: kri root word means ‘to do,’ gam root word means ‘to go.’ So, there are ninety forms of each of these verbs like, karoti, kurutah, kurvanti, and gachchati, gachchatah, gachchanti etc.  There are ready-made single words for all kinds of uses and situations.

There are words for all the three genders and each word has twenty-one forms of its own which covers every situation. Then there is a very elaborate and precise system of composing, phrasing, making a sentence, joining two words and coining any number of words according to the need.

Sanskrit grammar has the capacity for creating any number of new words for a new situation or concept or thing.

The morphology of word formation is unique and of its own kind where a word is formed from a tiny seed root (called dhatu) in a precise grammatical order which has been the same since the very beginning.

Any number of desired words could be created through its root words and the prefix and suffix system as detailed in the Ashtadhyayi of Panini.  Furthermore, 90 forms of each verb and 21 forms of each noun or pronoun could be formed that could be used in any situation.
  
Its vowels are the actual ‘voice pattern’ of the sound and consonants are only the ‘form’ of the ‘voice pattern’ of the sound. So a consonant  alone cannot be pronounced as it is only a ‘form’ of the ‘voice pattern’ until it is attached to a vowel. hus, a vowel, which itself is a ‘voice pattern,’ can be pronounced alone (like,) or it can be modulated by adding a consonant to it (like,).

Mantras have to be in a divine language compulsorily. So very few languages can qualify for this . Sanskrit is a divine language.

A language for mantras must be/have—
1)      More than 5000 years old
2)      Accurate expression
3)      Clear speech and perfect pronunciation
4)      No changes since it was first made
5)      Must have a meaning built into every word and hence must have immense vocabulary.
6)      Must have precise golden ratio sound harmonics ( Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra )
7)      Mathematical and geometrical precision
8)      Phonetic—direct link between sound and signs
9)      Script must be based on the spoken form
10)  Cannot have spellings like English
11)  Cannot have silent alphabets
12)  Words must unfold from seed forms
13)  Natural continuity is word making
14)  Natural continuity in sentence making
15)  Sound must have vibration
16)  Sounds must have resonance— (this is just the tip of the iceberg )
17)  Alphabets must form in cymatics when uttered
18)  Must not have proper nouns
19)  Must be polite with no bad words in the  un- abridged dictionary
20)  Mantras in this language must be approved by a gifted seer and the effect felt on his chakras


---Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace.
---Mantras resonate your pineal gland . Pineal glands of Vedic seers were the size of a lemon. Ours in this 21st century is the size of dried raisin .
---Mantras reprogramme your DNA. The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves
---Mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.
---Mantras vibrations on DNA , chakras and pineal gland purifies and raises human consciousness
---Mantras have immediate soothing effect makes the brain produce and release magic healing chemicals. Errant and disturbing thought are killed! ( what happened on Big Boss 4 )
---Mantras must begin and end with OM or AUM – the bible uses a lifted version Amen. OM resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.
---Mantras cleanse the environment and can reduce crime in a city—if chanted by sufficient numbers , the right way, and right number of times.  Some call this transcendental.  It is about quantum consciousness.
---Mantras increase Prana or life force, sharpens intellect and boosts metabolism.
---Mantras can reduce the surface tension of water. Sages kept Saraswati and Ganges water in copper lotas with them
---Mantras centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing . 
---Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography—due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.
---Mantra chanting must be done with intent, to make it more powerful. This is about consciousness again.


 People under estimate sound of music so much.  Longitudinal sound wave is everything!!  

Waves , particles are all sound of music. Your powerful king sense of hearing can distinguish more than 300000 tones and 1300 pitches. 

Next time you hear a sound of a person , even on the phone , visualize who it could be.


The 4 Vedas along with the 108 Upanishads are the most sacred books of India. Without knowing the Vedas one cannot comprehend the inner soul and heights of Indian glory.  Hindu religion is run by the laws of Dharma. 

All the obligatory duties of the Hindu owe their allegiance to the Vedas. 

They draw forth the thought of successive generations of Maharshi seers  or spiritual giants from 9500 BC to 5000 BC.    The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of our great ancient seers.

They are the only composition in the universe invested with Divine origin, and hence divine sanctity. They have been heirlooms of the Hindus from generation to generation for the past 11000 years.

The Vedas are the discoveries of the laws of nature, the world and the beings living in it and the Ultimate Truth.

They are called apauruseya grantha (authorless works) . Thinking with your heart; loving with your mind.  All yoga and meditation aim to attain this goal. And when the heart sees, it sees the unknowable, nameless, formless, limitless, supreme God.
  
The Upanishads are humanity's most profound philosophical inquiry and the first perceptions of the unity of all, the oneness of man and God. The Upanishads are also called the Vedanta.


Wanna know how the immoral West stole from India and patented knowledge in their names, showing their Adharma?  

These Sanskrit and astronomy terms are written down 7000 years ago.





The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal. This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths.
  
Know thyself is the quintessence.  It has no founder or a Supreme head.. The Shankaracharya is NOT allowed pomp and glory like the POPE.


 It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations. Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy.


The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized.  It is in the Upanishads we find all the fundamentals that are central to Hinduism — the concepts of 'karma' (action), 'samsara' (reincarnation), 'moksha' (nirvana), the 'atman' (soul), and the 'Brahman' (Absolute Almighty- the morphogenetic consciousness field ).

Manu Smriti is one of the foremost documents on Hindu dharma. 

The white Christian invader injected poison into this noble and graceful document, for immoral purposes of “divide and rule” and conversions of disgruntled Hindu low castes  into Christianity.

They injected falsehoods that Manu wrote that Shudras  ( low caste dalits ) are made from the feet of god,  while brahmins ( upper caste ) have been made from the head,  the Kshatriyas ( warriors ) from the arms and vaishyas ( skilled labour and traders ) from the thighs.

Absolutely ridiculous things were injected by the vulgar white man with the help of stooges like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar-- like’” If a shudra listens to the Vedas molten lead should be poured into his ears “ .

he western historians have put the laws of Hammurabi ( 1700 BC ) and the ten commandments of Moses ( 1300 BC ) as the first laws of the world.   In 5000 BC before than the laws of Manu were written down after thousands of years on the oral route.

Manu’s laws ran into a mindboggling 100000 verses. I will put down a few verses later on just to prove that Manu was a noble Maharishi.

  
Later in 4100 BC  it was compiled and abridged by Narada the sage to 12000 verses.

The laws were more of a code of ethics than legislative laws. There were NO severe punishments and the higher castes got punished more. Hammurabi's maritime laws for sea trade are lifted from laws formulated and adapted by sailors from Kerala, India. 

You must know that foreign students enrolled in Kodungalur University, Bhojshala University, Taxila Univeristy and Naland Univeristy. 

At the Taxila university in 3000 BC, 10500 seats for world students were available as long as they were more than the age of 16. Students came from as far as Mesopotamia, Greece, Syria, Arabia , Russia, Thailand and China.

Manu received the eternal truths from Brahma , as he was a seer. 

The laws Manu Smriti deals with epistemology, dialectics, metaphysics, empiricism , reason , truths, patience, forgiveness, self control, honesty, control of senses and sanctity.
  
When the pyramids were built 5000 years ago, NOBODY on this planet including the Egyptians has the technology to find the exact North East South West cardinal positions of Vaastu.

The geographic and the magnetic poles are NOT the same.The North pole is 1600 miles away and the south pole is 2570 kilometers away.

The ancient Kerala sailors sailed to Socotra and Aquaba and Basra using a compass of magnetised fish blade floating on light oil floating on water. This is symbolised by Arjun shooting into the eye of the fish to win Draupadi in 4000 BC.



Ajyesthaaso Akanisthaasa Yete Sam Bhraataro Vaavrudhuh Soubhagaya

-        RigVeda, Mandala-5, Sukta-60, Mantra-5- (5000 BC)

‘No one is superior or inferior; all are brothers; all should strive for the interest of all and progress collectively’.



te ajyesthaa akanishthaasa udbhido’madhyamaaso mahasaa ni vaavrdhuh 

“No one is higher or lower nor is anyone of middle status. Everybody with effort toils on the path of progress.”  -Rigveda 5.59.6



When the Vedas say the above ,   why do the Indian dalits ( hijacked by BR Ambedkar / EVR Periyar / JG Phule ) still believe the white invader ?  

If the brahmins did NOT drink water from the same glass a dalit used  , why did they NOT check out if the white invader drank from the same glass as a Brahmin ? 

Did any dalit see any Brahmin daring to enter a swimming pool used by a white man and his memsahib ?

Has any dalit heard about Lord, Duke, Earl, Baron  and other ranks of the white man ?

What are they bitching about ?


HULLLLLOOOOO ?




Above : ITNA WISDOM ?   BAAAP RE !   PHULE JI-   WHAT FOLLOWS IS GONNA BURY YOUR LIES ABOUT MANU .  


Manusmriti written by the ancient sage Manu, prescribes 10 essential rules for the observance of dharma:  Patience (dhriti), forgiveness (kshama), piety or self control (dama), honesty (asteya), sanctity (shauch), control of senses (indraiya-nigrah), reason (dhi), knowledge or learning (vidya), truthfulness (satya) and absence of anger (krodha).

Manu  writes, "Non-violence, truth, non-coveting, purity of body and mind, control of senses are the essence of dharma". Therefore dharmic laws govern not only the individual but all in society.

Manu further writes, "Nonviolence, truth, non-coveting, purity of body and mind, control of senses are the essence of Dharma".  Dharma thus is a code of conduct that is intended to secure both worldly joys and supreme happiness.

To act dharmically is, in essence, to act appropriately; what is appropriate is determined by the context in which the action is to be performed and who is performing it.   

  
Manu cautions everyone to have self -control, so that his mind does not act as the instigator for committing any sinful mental action which would inevitably lead to one or the other type of evil verbal actions or wicked bodily actions.

A verse from Manusmriti:-
सत्यम  ब्रूयात  प्रियं  ब्रूयात  न  ब्रूयात  सत्यम  अप्रियम
प्रियंच  नानृतम  ब्रूयात   एषा  धर्मः  सनातनः

satyam bruyat priyam bruyat na bruyat satyam apriyam
priyam ca nanrutam bruyat esha dharmah sanatanah

Translation: Speak truth in such a way that it should be pleasing to others. Never speak truth which is unpleasant to others. Never speak truth which might be pleasant. This is the path of eternal morality, Sanatana Dharma.


Meaning:  The main point is speaking truth which in one’s dharma. Speaking such truth tactfully which benefits others and is pleasant to listen.


MANU XII 10-11 :- That man is called 'Tridandin' who has established three controls, on his mind viz., (i) Manodanda -control over his thoughts, (ii) Vakdanda -control over his speech and (iii) Kayadanda- control over his body.

He who exercises these three controls with respect to all created beings and wholly subdues desire and wrath, assuredly gains complete success in his life.

Manu calls upon man to use his conscience . His verse needs every individual to establish an internal check, which alone is the guarantee for good conduct or to eschew bad conduct and not the fear of state police,  which only makes a man to be more careful and secretive in committing offence. This internal check is what is meant by "God Fearing" as Atma (Soul) is God within the man.  If man listens to his conscience he will not commit the sin.

Manu has gone into terrific detail.  Few examples only  – or it will run into hundreds of pages.

MANU X-163 :-
Asteya  is the unterior motive or desire to secure wealth by illegitimate methods which makes a man corrupt, a cheat, a smuggler, a black marketeer, an exploiter, and makes even men in noble professions exploit the miseries of others to make more and more money in utter disregard to professional ethics.  Therefore, it is very essential to ingrain in the heart and mind of every individual the desire not to indulge in 'asteya' i.e., acquiring wealth by illegitimate and immoral methods.

Shoucham : Manu commands every individual to maintain purity of thought, word and deed (Trikarana shuddi i.e., Kaya, Vacha, Manasa), which is also called Antaranga Shuddi (internal/mental purity) and Bahiranga Shuddi (external purity or purity in action).

This rule means absolute honesty in that there should be harmony in thought, word and deed of an individual.  One should not think something in the mind, speak something else, and do entirely another thing.  Hypocrisy is addressed here , which is so abundant in the west.

Indriyanigraha:  Manu wants every individual to have of control over his senses. Failing which the man  will indulge in all types  of illegal and immoral actions, being instigated by the one or more of the six inherent enemies (Arishadvargas).  This lands himself as well as others in misery and loss of happiness.

The mere knowledge of the rules of Dharma, however does not make a man 'Dharmishta' i.e., a man acting always in conformity with Dharma. Therefore, Dharma has to be ingrained in the mind of every individual from child hood.  It is a slow but a sure process. This process was called 'Samskara'.

MANUVI11-15:- Dharma protects those who protect it. Those who destroy Dharma get destroyed. Therefore, Dharma should not be destroyed so that we may not be destroyed as a consequence thereof.

MANU-IX-3 :-The father protects the girl in her childhood, the husband protects her after marriage and her sons protect her in old age.

MANU II-145 :- The acharya is more venerable than a Upadhyaya (teacher).  Father is more venerable than an acharya. But the mother is more venerable than the father.

MANU III-51-52 :-No father who knows (the law) must take even the smallest gratuity for his daughter; for a man who, through avarice, takes a gratuity, is a seller of his offspring.

MANU Ch.IV-176: Discard wealth (artha) or desire (kama) if it is contrary to Dharma as also any custom or rules regarded as source of Dharma if at any time they were to lead to unhappiness or arouse people's indignation.

Manu’s concept of gratitude (Kritajnata)  included custom of worshipping animals, and plants as also Ayudha Pooja, i.e., worshipping one day in year all the implements or instruments through which we earn our lively hood.


MANU SMRITHI -IX -101 and III-60 : -
Mutual friendship and fidelity is the highest Dharma to be observed by husband and wife, throughout their life. The family in which husband and wife have mutual affection and respect always secures happiness and prosperity.
(The West has 63% divorce rate.  The balance 37% have had multiple sexual partners.  Only the gays /dykes and the repulsively fat and ugly do NOT include in this 37% )

MANU 4-239 -242 :-When one departs from this world to the other World, neither father nor mother, neither son nor wife will accompany him. Only the "Dharma" practiced by an individual follows him even after death. A person takes birth alone and dies alone, he alone enjoys or suffers the consequences of his evil deeds.

Manusmriti says that ahimsa is the foremost among the dharmas that are common to all. It is included in the yoga of mind control. Ahimsa means much more than non-injury or non-violence ; it implies not doing harm to others even by thought or word.

Manu Smriti says - Yatra Naryastu Pujyante Ramante Tatra Devatah –

“Where women are worshipped there the angels tread





This great law-giver of Hinduism and first lawgiver on this planet defined the status of a wife and her equal rights thus:
1.     If a wife dies, her husband may marry another wife. (Manu, Chapter V, Verse 168). If a husband dies, a wife may marry another husband. (Manu,
2.    If a wife becomes fallen by drunkenness or immorality her husband may marry another. (Manu, Chapter IX, Verse 80). If a husband becomes fallen, a wife may re-marry another husband.
4.     If a husband deserts his wife, she may marry another. (Manu, Chapter IX, Verse 76 )


Untouchability and caste-based discrimination were unknown during the Varnashrama days. No one was born high and no one low. You became what you are with your karma.

A dimwit who cannot pass a single exam in school has no reason to write the IIT entrance exam and hope to get Computer Science stream. 

It is easy to secure a job on quota but very difficult to hold on to it, unless you work for the useless and corrupt Indian government offices or town municipality office.


THE CASTE SYSTEM IN INDIA WAS POISON INJECTED BY THE IMMOTAL WHITE CHRISTIAN INVADER TO DIVIDE AND RULE , AND TO CONVERT FRUSTRATED LOW CASTES INTO CHRISTIANITY.  


THEY CREATED AND BACKDATED THEIR OWN HINDU MUTTS  ( Example KANCHI MUTT ) WITH THEIR OWN PLANTED STOOGES FOR THIS FOUL NEED.

You can read in Aiteriya Brahmana (ii.3.19), that Kavasha Ailusha, who was a Sudra and son of a low woman, was greatly respected for his literary attainments, and admitted into the class of Rishis – the pre-eminent Hindu sages.

In the Apasthambha Sutra (II. 5-10) and Manu Smriti (x. 65) we can read that a Sudra can become a Brahman and a Brahman can become a Sudra.”.

From Vyasa, Valmiki, and Vishva Karma , till the white man invaded India , we find many eminent Rishis who are Sudras by Varna.  

Megasthenes, the great Greek historian has recorded two milleniums ago  that there were four castes in Hindus and a Hindu of any caste may become a Sophist (Brahmin).

Caste hierarchy and privileges based on caste had no sanction in Hinduism. They are the direct result of the immoral white Christian invader and their vested historians.
The very expression Dharma in Manusmriti is opposed to and inconsistent with any social inequality by birth .

The relevant provisions of the Shruti (Vedas) leave no room for doubt that discrimination on the ground of birth or otherwise had no Vedic sanction; on the other hand such discrimination was plainly opposed to vedic injunction.

Discrimination of any kind is, therefore, contrary to Dharma. It is really Adharma.  All discrimination in Hindu society was introduced by the white Christian invader to divide and rule.

Manu wrote that polluting the environment was a punishable offence.


In Manu’s laws a person could be ex-communicated from society for mindless felling of tress or killing of animals, 

We know the the way the English speaking white man shot the buffalo and exterminated the Indian American , or how the Australian Aborigine race was exterminated by small pox blankets.. These are the immoral white men advising India today

In India before the Muslim and Christian invaders came, almost the entire country was vegetarian, but for the people on the coastline who ate fish.

This vegetarianism and Ahimsa ( non-violence ) is the reason why Hindu India never attacked any country in its history. The percentage of crime in India by percentage is the lowest on this planet.

Vegetarians have a clearer conscience , they have  lesser diseases, they can think clearer, they look better ( lesser obesity ), have lesser BO and MO, women in menopause suffer less etc


Some ignoramuses say, they vegetarians are NOT as strong as the meat eaters-- OK--which one of you wants to fight with an elephant , and prove yourself?



The whole idea of Vaastu was to construct something without disturbing the flow of nature and interrupting natural flow of energy. It is about peaceful co-existence and comfort. Vaastu is about  living  in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties.

 It tells us not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. That human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness

SANATANA means " that which holds eternal Vedic knowledge"-- encompassing everything from microcosm to macrocosm.  Dharma leads to eternal bliss, both in this world and the next. It is your sole and soul companion after death. 

Dharma leads you on the path of self realisation.  Dharma includes adhara or regulation of daily life as per your conscience and written Vedic laws.

The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal.  This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths.

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.  It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonise a human into a saint, by hoodwinking the unsuspecting masses.

Ever known  of an evil woman who used India as an open sore , to attract flies ( milk money ) which she used to open up 700 Christianity conversion centers around the world?

Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy. This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line. Hinduism has never converted , by guile ( Christian missionaries ) or force ( Muslim ) -- nor has a army of missionaries , ramming it down unwilling throats.

Though we use the Bhagawat Gita to swear an oath, as set down by our British rulers in court-- we do NOT have a single holy book, like the Bible or Koran.  Such has been the tolerance to deviant beliefs. 

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme. Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of reason.

The Hindu tradition , unlike other religions --has always concerned itself with the human situation rather than the Hindu situation.  Instead of basing its identity on separating Hindu from non-Hindu or believer from non-believer, Hinduism has sought to recognize principles and practices that would lead any individual to become a better human being and understand and live in harmony with dharma.

The distinction of dharma from the Western sense of religion is crucial to understanding Hindu religious identity Dharma is an all-important concept for Hindus. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action.

Because of Hinduism’s emphasis on living in accordance with dharma, anyone who is striving for spiritual knowledge and seeking the right course of ethical action is, in the broadest sense, a follower of sanatana dharma.

According to the doctrine of karma, our present condition in life is the consequence of the actions of our previous lives. The choices we have made in the past directly affect our condition in this life, and the choices we make today and thereafter will have consequences for our future lives in samsara.

Ahimsa, “non-injury” or the absence of the desire to harm, is regarded by Indian thinkers as one of the keystones of our ethics. Jews have never been persecuted in Kerala over the millenniums.  Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed, only because Hindus are tolerant .

They absorbed the  inherent greed and clannishness of a quintessential Jew , without retaliation or retribution. While the rest of the world targeted the Jews throughout the ages. If you read the Jewish Talmud, you will know why.

In Sanatana Dharma Rita is the principle of cosmic truth and order.

In the 7000 year old Rig Veda there is a remarkable insight on the notion of Rita, the inflexible law of universal order and harmony whereby all disorders and chaos is restored to equilibrium.

Rita is, in essence, the ordering principle of nature which gives to everything from the vast galaxies, down to the nucleus of an atom, their nature and course.


This is why we have a multiplicity of Gods and NOT a single bleeding man on the cross or a fat man in meditative pose.  Because of rita, the sun and moon pursue their daily journeys across the sky, and the seasons proceed in regular movement.

In the Vedic vision, this law of cosmic order is conceived to be manifesting at three levels: on the cosmic plane Rita governs the course of nature; on the socio-ethical level, Rita imparts justice; and on the religio-spiritual level. 

Though originally understood as a subordinate component of the essentially metaphysical concept of Ṛita, Dharma eventually grew to overshadow. Ṛita remained largely confined to the Vedas, and most Hindus don’t even know the meaning of Rita. .

A central concept of the Ṛigveda is that created beings fulfil their true natures when they follow the path set for them by the ordinances of Ṛita, and failing to follow those divine ordinances was thought to be responsible for the appearance of various forms of calamity and suffering .  A man who follows the ordinances of nature ( universal laws ) can be described as one who acts according to the "Dharma of Ṛita".

Dharma, was  originally conceived of as a manifestation of Ṛita inasmuch as it represents that aspect of the universal Order which specifically concerns the mundane natural, religious, social and moral spheres as expressed in ritualistic regulations, public laws, moral principles and laws of nature. . Rita, gives order to the universe and shows the righteous path for the mind to follow.

It is the psychological principle teaching man how to lead a moral life. Thus we can see that according to the Vedic seers, the same ideal functions as the guiding principle for individual as well as universal life.

That is why in the first sukta of the Rig Veda itself, addressed to Agni, the sages call their deity ritasya didivim, the illuminator of truth.

When I see evangelists on foreign funded TV trying to propagate certain shallow religions, and trying hard to convert by force or by sops of by baffling with bull,  I realize the difference between a pebble and the sun.  Sorry, the sun is NOT in competition.

“At this supremely dangerous moment in human history the only way of salvation for the mankind is an Indian way “– Arnold Toynbee

In times of confusion and crisis regarding what is right and what is wrong, one's own conscience is the sole guide.

"In times of doubt, O, son of Kunti [Arjuna], one must decide using one's own good sense”-  Bhagawat Gita 4000 BC

Hindus respect and appreciate culture in terms of itself.  We are sensitive to cultural nuances .  We listen and we respect local values .  We understand that culture has a life of its own and is stronger than life and triumphs over death. 

We believe human beings have feelings unlike machines. In an Indian company employees areseen as  bread winners at home.  Shared ethos has more weight than adherence to hard written rules and there is absence of deception.

Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world--it is a mindset . Marriage is NOT based on lust, but by sacred commitment of 7 pheras around a holy fire.

No Hindu woman will go for silicon implants to save her marriage. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you.

Patanjali Yoga sutra (1.33) -- Mind becomes purified by cultivating feelings of maitri ( friendliness, lovingness) which is a feeling towards others when others are happy,  Karuna ( compassion or mercy) feelings towards others when others are suffering,  mudita (gladness or good will) towards where there are good things happening and upeksha (indifference, neutrality or acceptance) where there is bad things are happening or bad behavior from other people.

Dharma fosters a climate of social and spiritual responsibility. Dharma is not a set of rules that restrict your way of life or cramp your style. Dharma puts things in their proper place, allows your perspective and creates and maintains balance. 

In the  Dharmashastras, dharma is examined from virtually every imaginable angle,  every perspective , from kingly duties, cultural norms, sexual relations, and everyday social rules such as manners and etiquette.

And mind you it is not the ridiculous Emily Post type of snooty etiquette where a genteel lady has to crook her little finger while having tea.

Hinduism teaches that people who remain on the path of dharma lead successful, happy lives.  It is the secret to divine joy on earth.

Today, with emigration and globalisation, and the assault of foreign funded TV on our culture, it is far more difficult for Hindus to discern what practices are consistent with dharma.

Karma is understood in Hinduism as a universal law of cause and effect. Positive actions produce positive effects; negative actions produce negative effects. To act dharmically is to act in a karmically positive manner, therefore.

When one acts dharmically, one necessarily produces positive karma. This karma is cumulative: one accrues karma, positive and negative, not only throughout the course of one's life, but throughout the course of one's multiple rebirths. It is karma that determines one's rebirths. Once your accrued karma log is cleared , on god’s sanction alone, you attain moksha, which is the final end to earthly sojourns.

Dharma embraces every type of righteous conduct covering every aspect of life essential for the sustenance and welfare of the indiavidual and society and includes those rules which guide and enable those to attain moksha (eternal bliss).

Dharma nourishes our society and existence. One must carry out their duties without being attached to the results of their actions. Hinduism connects metaphysics, ethics, and ontology. Ethics only makes sense if it is based on the nature of self and reality.

This makes Hindu ethics unique in terms of other views that separate ethics as separate discipline. Dharma is the greatest and the most valuable contribution to humanity by India. All our present day problems are a direct result of disregarding 'Dharma' , under the influence of a materialistic philosophy, ( dished out by foreign funded media and TV )in the belief that it alone can usher in happiness and secure the welfare of the people. 

Dharma is a Sanskrit expression of the widest import.  There is no corresponding word in any other language—for righteous conduct in every sphere of activity. Dharma sustains the society. Dharma ensures the well being and progress of humanity.

Protecting the environment, flora and fauna is the Dharma of a Hindu.

Our ancient seers and maharishis saw rights and responsibilities as two sides of the same coin and decided to emphasize responsibilities and duty over rights,  whereas other civilizations emphasized rights.

They knew that when responsibilities and duties are fulfilled, people receive their rights. For example, when parents fulfill their duties and responsibilities for their children--their children receive their rights. The same principle applies for a nation and its citizens. Where people live in conformity with their dharma, the individual rights of all others are naturally granted.

 यतोभ्युदयनि:श्रेयससिद्धि: स धर्म: ।

 Meaning :  Dharma is that by means of which one acquires prosperity and the ultimate upliftment. Vaisheshik Sutras 1.12

 श्रेयान्स्वधर्मो विगुण: परधर्मात्स्वनुष्ठितात् ।
  स्वधर्मे निधनं श्रेय: परधर्मो भयावह: ।। - श्री महाभारत ६.२७.३५

Meaning : One's own code of dharma is superior even if it be faulty in comparison to another's code of righteousness  which may be easier to adopt.  Mahabharata 6.27.35

The belief in the existence of the all-pervasive Divinity in the universe creates an attitude of acceptance, reverence, benevolence and compassion for all things and beings in the mind of a Hindu. He does not see any intrinsic evil in Nature. He sees the ground, the sky, the trees, the hills and mountains, and the rivers all sacred.

A Hindu considers life a divine pilgrimage from "unreal to real, darkness to light, and death to immortality."  Being on this road of pilgrimage, a Hindu has no intention to hurt anyone. He is thoroughly convinced that whatever he does in this life will come back to him in the next life.

Thus he must do good and be good now, as he will have to come back again and again in this world until all karma scores are settled. This is why a beggar with just a loin cloth as his property does NOT attack anybody on the streets , like in countries where Christianity rules.

In Muslim countries they are plain scared of losing their neck or limb.  It is NOT morality which deters them-- just raw fear of severe painful retribution.  This is like you wife makes bed tea for you , because she is afraid of getting slapped -- NOT out of love.

Saraswati is the goddess of learning and knowledge. Thus, if a Hindu wants to pray for acquiring knowledge and understanding, he prays to Saraswatî.  Just as sunlight cannot have a separate and independent existence from the sun itself, a Hindu deity does not have a separate and independent existence from the Supreme Being. 

Thus, Hindu worship of deities is monotheistic polytheism and not simple polytheism. .Hindus declare that there is only one Supreme Being and He is the God of all religions, which is the morphogenetic field of consciousness ( the intelligent empty space within the atom to the vast cosmic ether  )

The person who hates none, who is friendly and has compassion for all, who has no selfishness and ego, who , maintains balance of mind in pain and pleasure, who has contentment, is steady in meditation, self controlled, and firm in his decision, who is dedicated to me, and who is my devotee is dear to me. Bhagavadgita, Chapter XII-13-14




Let the sastras be your authority in deciding what you should do and what you should desist from doing. Having understood what is ordained by the Sastras, you should act accordingly. Bhagawat Gita 16-24

As per Christianity, every man is a sinner till he is saved by Jesus. Christian salvation is the so called solution to the problem of Eternal Damnation caused by Original Sin.

But that problem does not exist within the Hindu dharma traditions.  Why should you be saved when you have NOT been condemned in the first place. You have a clear conscience and you have NOT stitched up anybody.

Imagine someone asking you if you have been pardoned from your prison sentence, and you wonder what effin’ prison sentence.  You have no sin hooks on your body dragging you to eternal hell which has to be unhooked by the merciful Lord (PBUH ).

Christianity's fundamental tenet is that that every human is born a sinner and remains so until he surrenders himself to Jesus Christ.

Hinduism is the religion of bliss. It considers the Right of Happiness to be the highest fundamental right of all humans. 

As an essential prerequisite for the Right to Happiness, the Rig Veda unequivocally declares that all human beings are equal.

The Vedas and Upanishads were the primordial source of Dharma, a compendious term for all Human Rights and Duties, the observance of which was regarded as essential for securing peace and happiness to individuals and society.

The Smritis and Puranas were collections of the rules of Dharma including Civil Rights and criminal liabilities (Vyavahara Dharma) as also Raja Dharma (Constitutional Law).  There were also several other authoritative works on Raja Dharma,  the Kamandaka, Shukra Niti and Kautilya’s Artha Shastra.  All of them unanimously declare that the objective of the State was to secure happiness of all.

Samani Prapaa Saha Vonnabhagah
Samane Yoktre Saha vo Yunajmi
Aaraah Nabhimivaabhitah

“All have equal Rights to articles of food and water. The yoke of the chariot of life is placed equally on the shoulders of all. All should live together in harmony supporting one another like the spokes of a wheel of the chariot connecting its rim and hub”. (Atharva Veda – Samjnana Sukta).

 Narada Smriti, requires the king to protect non-believers too.

“Pashandanaigama sreni poogavraata ganadishu
Samrakshet samayam Raja Durge Janapade Tatha”

“The king should accord protection to compacts of associations of believers of Vedas (Naigamas) as also the non-believers (Pashandis) and others” (Narada Smriti, Dharma Kosha)

“We not only tolerate, but we Hindus accept every religion …. Knowing that all religions, from the lowest fetishism to the highest absolutism, mean so many attempts of the human soul to grasp and realize the infinite, each determined by the conditions of its birth and association, and each of them marking a stage of progress” –   Swami Vivekananda at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893.

The secular ideals of Europe are nascent in front of the Hindu ideal of ‘Sarva Dharma Samabhav’ – ‘Equal Respect for all Religions’. Whereas the secular ideology stops at calling for ‘tolerance’ to the diversity,

Hinduism goes much further. It doesn’t just tolerate; it accepts every religion. It transcends all barriers of religious bigotry and even celebrates diversity. Diversity in form and unity in spirit is what Hinduism stands for.

Before 7000 BC, India ruled the whole world.  After 7000 BC, India ruled from Jeruslam to Urals to Vietnam.  The ancient Maharishis of that era, have said that  that  the whole humanity is like a big extended family.

Samaani va Aakootihi Samaanaa Hridayaanivah
Samaanamastu vo Mano Yathaa Vah Susahaasati
-        RigVeda, Mandala-10, Sukta-191, Mantra-4

 “Let there be oneness in your resolutions, hearts and minds; let the determination to live with mutual cooperation be firm in you all”.

The modern globalist want us to believe that the whole world is a huge market. While the generous  ancient Hindus  (of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam – the world as one Family)  stood for one harmonious world, the greedy globalisation cartel stands for one vulgar market.  In reality what we are actually achieving is not globalisation, but Walmart-isation and Monsato-isation.

Prajasukhe Sukham Rajnah Prajanam cha Hite Hitam
Naatmapriyam Hitam Rajnah Prajanaam tu Priyam Hitam

“In the happiness of the subjects lies the happiness of the King; in their welfare his welfare. The King shall not consider what pleases himself as good; whatever pleases his subjects is only good for him” (Artha Shastra)

These Fundamental Rights represent the basic values cherished by the Indians since the Vedic times and they are calculated to protect the dignity and happiness of the individual and create conditions in which every human being can develop his personality to the fullest extent.

Manusmriti mandates that highest respect and regard must be extended to women. Gods are pleased, with the house in which women are respected, in that house in which women are insulted and are made to suffer, every thing done is sure to go waste.  If in a house daughter, the daughter-in-law, and the sisters 'and other women suffer, that house is sure to be destroyed.  The house in which such women live happily, secures wealth and happiness.

“It may be confidently asserted that in no nation of antiquity were women held in so much esteem as amongst Hindus”  Prof Horace Heyman Wilson Director , Royal Asiatic Society.

The Indians who were taken abroad as slaves by the British,  by DECEIT MOST FOUL also hung on to their religion against all odds-rejecting all sops offered by the Christian missionaries.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html


The Muslim priesthood till today sanctifies four wives and gives abusive religious dictats called "fatwa" from the mosque. 

Christian priesthood claims superiority and entices the poor and vulnerable of other faiths to conversion with immoral sops.  This type of sops is what a pedophile uses on 4 year old girls—first give a lollipop to suck on, and then later something else..

It is NOT allowed to exploit human vulnerability as per Hindu dharma.


Dharma has attributes like  rationality, sense of duty, justice, peace, truthfulness, hospitality, kindness , respect, compassion, non-violence, rectitude, humanity, spirituality, fairness , patience, self restraint , tolerance, ethics, service to others, right to life , natural justice, virtue, morality, bonafide work and philanthropy.  

Dharma thus truly symbolises universal values of humanism and forms the basis of global ethics.

  
Tadrisho ayam anuprashno yatra dharmaha sudurlabaha
Dushkamha pralisankhyatum tatkenatra vysvasyathi
Prabhavarthaya bhutanam dharmapravachanam kritam
Yasyat prabhavasamyuktaha sa dharma iti nischayaha


It is most difficult to define Dharma. Dharma has been explained to be that which helps the upliftment of living beings. Therefore, that which ensures the welfare of living beings is surely Dharma. The learned rishis have declared that that which sustains is Dharma.-- Bhishma to Yuddhistra Mahabharata

In the Karna Parva, Lord Krishna explains Dharma to Arjuna in the following words:
Dharanat dharma mityahu dharmo dhara-yate prajaha
Yat syad dharanasamyuktam sa dharma iti nischayaha

Dharma sustains the society. Dharma maintains the social order. Dharma ensures well being and progress of humanity. Dharma is surely that which fulfills these objectives.

Sa hi nisreyasena pumshamsamyunaktiti pra-tijaneemahe
tadabhidhiyate chodanalakshno ariho dharmaha

Dharma is that which is indicated by the Vedas as conducive to the highest good.- Maharishi Jaimini

Dharma is that which is indicated by the Vedas as conducive to the highest good.

Respect for all religions is Dharma.   Dharma is universal, it applies to all whether they belong to any religion or not.  It is a code of conduct for all human beings for all time to come.  It is eternal and unalterable just as you cannot alter the property of fire of burning and of water of flowing.

The goal of dharma is to raise the quality of life , ensure spiritual awaking and fulfill humanity’s destiny. To be a Hindu, you don’t need any certificate from any temple, church or mosque or praying house . 

You need not recite any verse.  You need not believe in any particular God or book.  You simply have to have a conscience and be honest to yourself. 

Can anybody be a Muslim if he outrightly rejects Quran? Can anybody be a  Christian if he outrightly rejects the holy Bible ? 

Can any Muslim in Pakistan or Saudi Arabia say in public to other Muslims that he wants to convert to Christianity, and still hope to be alive the next day? 

As long as a Muslim in in minority he wants a SECULAR government. 

But soon he will procreate like mice ( if conversions by force are NOT happening ) and then as soon as he is in majority he wants SHARIA Islamic government with religious police to enforce .  

He then wants to destroy temples like in Kashmir, Pakistan and Bangladesh

But yes, one can be a Hindu even if he outrightly rejects the Vedas.


Scientists have found out today that Vedic mantras  have therapeutic and psychological benefits even when recited without understanding them. For Sanskrit emanated from the DNA of seers.


Hinduism’s goal is to provide a nurturing platform for all.  Hinduism allows different options to all of us at all times to choose what is naturally best for us and progress from there. 

Hinduism existed when division of humans on basis of religion was non-existent. Hinduism is a ‘celebration’ of ‘being human’. Hinduism, is a synonym for ‘being human’.

Vedic provisions forcefully declare equality among all human beings. They impresses that just as no spoke of a wheel is superior to another, no individual can claim to be, or regarded as, superior to others. This was the grand concept of equality in India.

People from other religions ridicule Hindus for having so many dieties.   Weel, 33 crore deities were given to Hindus by the white inavedrs’s fake mutts.

Hindu Dharma considers compassion and moral conscience in human beings sacred.  Other religions  preach that ‘man is a sinner and God sends His Prophet to the earth for his emancipation’. 

धारणात् धर्मं इत्याहुर्धर्मो धारयती प्रजा: । - महाभारत १२.१०९.११

Righteousness is that which nurtures the subjects and in turn the society. - Mahabharat 12.109.11

This vulgar presumption considers that man is a sinner and suffers from defects , and all the authority to emancipate him has been given to the messiah is ridiculous.   So that man is bound to accept the greatness of the messiah and serve him without question?

At least once each year every Hindu must make a pilgrimage to a holy place, near or far. This is a time when all worldly matters are set aside and God becomes the  central and singular focus of life.

Dharma is the moral law combined with spiritual discipline that guides one's life. Hindus  onsider dharma the very foundation of life.

Prithivim dharmana dhritam
The world is upheld by dharma- Atharva Veda

Dharma is like a cosmic norm and if one goes against the norm it can result in bad karma. So, dharma affects the future according to the karma accumulated. Ethics is the supporting structure of Hinduism. Within its framework of good conduct lie the joys of spiritual living and the depths of God consciousness.

All Mankind is One Family- Rig Veda, 1.164.46

Hindu dharma has no founder, the word Sanatana implies that it always existed.  Dharma is anything that upholds or sustains a positive order. Hindus consider that loyalty to one's moral values is the highest loyalty, and of all the losses, loss of one's character and conscience are the worst. 

Morality proceeds from the inner spirit of man. In Hindu dharma , one's motive is as important in the performance of an action as the action itself. Harmlessness to all life on earth is of the highest morality . 

Hindus place greater emphasis on the attitude of the mind rather than on postulation of the elaborate theories of what is right and what is wrong as in other religions (like the ten commandments ).  The purity of the heart is important.  Sanatana Dharma is not restricted to Indian boundaries but it is universal.

Hinduism is not just mere faith. It is the union of reason and intuition that cannot be defined but is only to be experienced.  When we live in accordance with the divine law of dharma, we are in harmony with truth and move toward spiritual advancement.

Since Christianity and Islam were born they have filled the earth with violence, drenched the soil with blood again and again . They have destroyed  civilizations, and sent whole nations to despair.

The world is now coming back to the mother of all religions Hinduism—the west call as PAGAN.  Hindusim is 250 centuries old, while Judaism is 30 centuries old , Christianity is 20 centuries old and Islam is 13 centuries old. This is the only religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions.

Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort. Ancient India and her unique culture has survived over thousands of years , because Hinduism was developed along Spiritual lines, NOT materialistic lines.

Four qualities that keep a person the path of dharma are purity, compassion, austerity and truth- Bhagawad Purana.

Sanskara is a process by which good qualities are generated and bad qualities are removed in an individual. Thus, when knowledge of rules of Dharma and of Dharma abiding nature is ingrained in the mind of an individual, it acts as antigen against the six enemies inherent in him and always makes him conform to dharma. That is why 'Dharma' is given the pride of place by our ancestors- Adi Shankaracharya Vedanta Sutra -2000 BC


The six inherent enemies in Man, namely Kama (desire), Krodha (anger), Lobha (greed), Moha (passion), Mada (infatuation) and Matsarya (enmity).

There is indeed a world of difference between Dharma and religion . Dharma is a higher, overarching principle of life on earth. .  The Supreme court of India  defined Indian  Dharma thus: “‘Dharma’ is that which upholds, nourishes, or supports the stability of the society, maintains social order and secures the wellbeing and progress of mankind.

'आनृशंस्यं परो धर्म:
Compassion itself is ultimate Righteousness (Mahabharat 3.373.76)

Try thinking with your heart and loving with your mind.

See what a difference it makes. It could save you from pain and decadence .

Ekam sat vipraha, bahudha vadanti.
"Truth is one, the wise call It by various names."- Rig Veda 5000 BC




THIS POST IS CONTINUED TO PART 3 - CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/09/sanatana-dharma-hinduism-exhumed-and_17.html


Shivoham
September 19, 2015 at 12:52 PM
Hi capt,

Suppose a person have accumulated only good karma through good deeds/morality,Isn't he eligible only for heaven and not moksha?Since Moksha requires NIL(neither positive nor negative) karmic baggage? Is it advisable for that person to do wrong deeds to nullify it?

Does morality leads to moksha?

My conscience WAS totally f****d up reading Osho. I am unlearning all his concepts on morality and others too.


ReplyDelete
Replies
####################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 19, 2015 at 3:03 PM
hi s,

THERE IS GOD INSIDE EVERY LIVING THING --AS A BALL OF ENERGY KNOWN AS SOUL.

THIS  SOUL IS A SPLINTER PART OF BRAHMaN ( GOD )-- THIS IS WHY WE DO NAMASTE.

WE PROTECT THE PLANTS AND ANIMALS.

THERE IS NO HEAVEN IN HINDUISM—

THERE IS NO HELL IN HINDUISM.

WHEN YOU GET MOKSHA - YOUR SOUL MERGES BACK NAY REUNITES WITH THE SUPREME CREATOR ( THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD ).

NOW YOU ARE REFINED AND YOU HAVE MERGED BACK WITH THE ORIGINAL FIELD CALLED VAIKUNTA.

YOU ARE NOW GOD.

SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA IN 2000 BC , NO HINDU HAS UNDERSTOOD SANATANA DHARMA.

YOU ARE GIVEN CHANCES TO LESSEN YOUR KARMIC BAGGAGE ONCE YOU BECOME HUMAN.   THIS IS WHY GOD HAS GIVEN YOU FREE WILL.

GOD DOES NOT PUNISH ANIMALS WITH BAD KARMA-- AS ANIMALS BEHAVE ON PURE SURVIVAL INSTINCTS.

ONCE YOU BECOME HUMAN YOU DO NOT GO BACK TO BEING AN ANIMAL BY BAAD KARMA.

IT IS OBVIOUS ALL ARE NOT BORN EQUAL— SOME ARE BRAINY AND HANDSOME,  SOME ARE UGLY AND RETARDED .    

OBVIOUSLY THERE IS A DIVINE REASON FOR THIS , RIGHT ?

NEXT IN LINE TO BECOME HUMAN ARE A HANDFUL OF CONSCIOUS MAMMALS WHO CAN SEE IN COLOUR AND WHO CAN PASS THE MIRROR TEST.

YOUR DOG OR CAT DOES NOT SEE COLOUR- THEY CANNOT SEE THEMSELVES IN A MIRROR.

INDIAN ELEPHANTS IN TEMPLES, DOLPHINS, BONOBOS  etc CAN PASS COLOUR AND MIRROR TEST.

THERE ARE APES AND GORRILLAS WHO PASS PARTIALLY.

THIS IS EVOLUTION.

NOT THE WAY ROTHCHILD STOOGE MAD MAN CHARLES DARWIN ENVISAGED.

WE ALL WERE BORN WITH IN THE SAME MICROSECOND ,  WITH THE STARS . WHAT YOU SEE IN THE MIRROR IS NOT YOU, YOU ARE YOUR SOUL . . .

YOU GRANDFATHER , YOU, AND YOUR GRANDSON WAS BORN AT THE SAME MICRO SECOND!

WHEN YOU DIE, AND IF YOU HAVE NOT GOT MOKSHA YOUR SOUL IS PARKED ON ANY OF THE BOTTOM 6 ASTRAL LAYERS-- CORRESPONDING TO THE LOWEST 6 CHAKRAS  

NOW FAKE GURUS WHO PEEK INTO MY BLOGS DAILY--WILL REPACKAGE IT AND PATENT IT --AND MILK HINDUISM.

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
SANATANA DHARMA , HINDUISM EXHUMED AND RESURRECTED, PART 3 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THIS POST IS A CONTINUATION OF PART 2, AND CAN BE READ BY CLICKING ON LINK BELOW--

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/09/sanatana-dharma-hinduism-exhumed-and_15.html


Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 5, 2015 at 10:51 AM
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Einstein-changed-the-way-we-look-at-the-universe/articleshow/50050681.cms

ALBERT EINSTEIN WAS A THIEF AND A PLAGIARIZER OF MEDIOCRE CEREBRAL CAPACITY . . . ..

HIS ENTIRE WORK WAS LIFTED FROM 7000 YEAR OLD VEDAS . . ..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/09/sanatana-dharma-hinduism-exhumed-and.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..

The days of the SELF LOATHING Hindus is now over.  Every Hindus shall walk with his head high, with pride.

When we were dabbling is advanced astronomy and writing poetry and philosophy , the white man was running around naked doing GRUNT GRUNT for language

I am a MASTER MARINER.   I have studied Navigation , the pass mark is 75%.

During the first ten years of my command tenure at sea, my ship had no GPS—we used a sextant and the almanac.  We fixed our ship’s position by stars , planets and sun.

I want every Hindu to know that entire navigation is stolen from the Kerala School of Navigation.  We called our nautical almanac PANJANGAM .

Till 3 months ago, when my wife was bride hunting for my elder son, we had the 2014, 2015 almanac in our home.  My wife is an expert in referring to this astronomical almanac when it comes to astrology.

Once we went to a very old astrologer in Calicut, the nearest to our home.  He has been practicing for decades . Half way through my wife nudged me and said “Let us go, this man is senile” .

Later we made inquiries and found out that every since this man’s wife died, he is on anti-depressant medication.  

Astrology is PURE MATH. 

ALL CALENDARS / ALMANACS ON THE PLANET ARE LIFTED FROM ANCIENT INDIA.

I CAN TELL FOR SURE WHEN THE WHITE MAN LIFTED NAVIGATION.  THEY LIFTED IT WHEN THE SUN WAS IN ARIES- THOUSANDS OF YEARS AGO BETWEEN RULE OF KING  SOLOMON IN 1000 BC  AND DEATH OF CHRIST.

After death of Christ the sun was in PISCES.

In 2150 BC the zodiac of Taurus ( Indian Vrishabham – bull in Malayalam and Sanskrit / Aldebaran )) is over , for it existed only from 4300 BC to 2150 BC

The age from 2150 BC is Aries, ( Indian Medam ram goat in Malayalam  and Sanskrit / Hamal )) the ram till 1 AD.

From 1 AD to 2150 AD it was the age of Pisces( Indian Menam - fish in Malayalam  ) .

Knowing that our Indian mythology are comic allegories ,  Jesus Christ who studied in Kodungallur ( Muzris ) university owned by the Calicut King attempted his own thingy.

From 2150 AD to From 2150 AD it will be Aquarius ( Indian Kumbam-water pot  in Malayalam and Sanskrit  )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes--




You cannot write GREENWICH HOUR ANGLE ARIES – or LOCAL HOUR ANGLE ARIES any more . 



Below: Aries was where the equinoctial and the ecliptic cut , long ago -- NOT today.



It is a HUGE principle blunder .

ALL THIS IS THE REASON WHY I SAY THAT AN ILLITERATE MAN WHO WEARS SAFFRON ROBES AND KNOWS SANSKRIT CANNOT BE A SPOKESMAN FOR HINDUISM.

I WONDER WHY THE ENTIRE BENAMI MEDIA IS NOW PEEKING INTO MY BLOG .





Vishu is a festival only we in Kerala celebrate.  Vishu is the second biggest festival in Kerala and it ushers in the Malayalam new year.

Vishu is derived from “Vishuvam” in Sanskrit and Malayalam, which means “equal”.


On the day of Vishu when the sun enters Medham rashi ( ARIES ) , the day is EQUAL to night. This means that the latitude of the place is the same as the declination of the sun.



What is declination of the sun?

If a straight line is drawn from the centre of the sun to the centre of the earth, the line will cut the earth’s crust at a place.  The latitude of that spot is the same as the latitude of the sun, and hence called sun’s declination.
  
The sun keeps going up and down from the tropic of Cancer to the tropic of  Capricon endlessly, as the earth is tilted to 23.4 degrees.


The tilt of the earth axis at 23.4 degrees , causes the seasons on the planet, which sustains life . 

The earth  revolves around the sun and rotates on its axis at the same time, keeping the planet alive. There is a divine ratio of 108 , between earth, moon and sun. 

This was NOT accidental and Lord Vishnu took the Varaha ( boar ) avatar for this, to set things in the proper place, so that the earth continued as a rotating a devolving self excited dynamo using the divine number 108 and the golden ratio 1.618.


Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.
The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon..
The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .
Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms
Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms
Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms
Diameter of moon 3499 kms
Diameter of earth 12798 kms

DESPITE ALL THIS THE IMMORAL WHITE MAN RIDICULED INDIANS OF BELIEVING THE EARTH IS FLAT. 

Below: Vishnu as Varaha boar , the 3rd avatar  . Placing the earth at the right spot-- we knew the world was round .  It is there in our Vedas--  we dont need the white man to regurgitate what he stole , on our collective Hindu heads .




Below:  The 2nd Kurma avatar of Vishnu ( tortoise) which helped Samudra Manthan , churning of the milky way was about the yugas , 54 asuras and 54 devas pushing and pulling-- to indicate everything in cosmos consists of vibrations to and fro.



Below:  The first avatar of Vishnu ( matsya -dolphin ) was about saving the genetic DNA code blueprint in 4 Vedas (instead of Noah's STUPID ark of entire females/ males species ) and the frequency of 7.83 hertz of the dolphin-- the earth's heart beat , the frequency of OM, the frequency of the Sri Yanta - the frequency of Alpha brain power to access the akashik records..





Below: The LYING Rothschild historians who made Narasimha avatar a recent phenomenon must know , the oldest idol every found is that of Narasimha ( 32,000 BC ) – 34000 years old  .   Narasimha is in our Vedas— we know how old our Vedas are which was finally penned down in 5000 BC.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/vishnu-avatar-narasimha-oldest.html



yada yada hi dharmasya,
glanir bhavati bharata,
abhyutthanam adharmasya,
tadatmanam srjamy aham,
Paritranam sadhu nam,
Vinashayah dushkrita,
Dharmasansthapanarthaya,
Sabhavami yuge yuge..


“Whenever the world declineth in virtue and righteousness; and vice and injustice mount the throne, then cometh I, the Lord and revisit my world in visible form, and mingleth as a man with men, and by my influence and teachings do I destroy the evil and injustice and reestablish virtue and righteousness. Many times have I thus appeared, and many times hereafter shall I come again”

.



Vishnu’s descents are not just about reestablishing order. It is also about redefining them. Every virtue had been engulfed by the sins of Kali Yuga.    

Mortals are being worshiped as Gods. 

Beggars and thieves have dresses up as kings to push deviant and immoral behavior .

NO MATTER HOW MUCH THE EVIL MEN PROTECT THEMSELVES , GOD KNOW HOW TO GET THEM ON HIS OWN TIMETABLE AND TURF.

The Mayan calendar ( made by Maya Danava ) and Hindu calendar is the same.  Allow for a window (cusp) of 20 years  after 21st Dec 2012 ( end of Kali Yuga ). I give a 30 year cusp.

The pillar shattered and with a terrible roar a grotesque glowing and ferocious form, with the head of a lion and body of a man stepped out.

Before Hiranyakasipu could escape, Narasimha caught him with his clawed fingers, in a vice like grip.

Hiranyakasipu struggled against grip, but it was of no use. Narasimha took Hiranyakasipu and dragged him to the threshold of the door –

Brahma’s voice resounded from the skies.

“Hiranyakasipu---look where are you standing ---
nor in a residence or outside, you are at the threshhold,
look at the time it is nether day or night , it is twilight,
look who has grabbed you, neither man or animal, he hold no weapons
look from where he has emerged, nether ground or sky, but from in-between a pillar.”

After killing Hiranyakasipu with his claws ,  Narasimha let out a loud roar and sat on Hiranyakasipu's throne.

All the Asuras had escaped from there seeing the ferocious beast.  Even the Devas were afraid to go near Narasimha.  However unafraid, Prahlad went forward.  There was nothing but love in his eyes. 'My Lord! You have come to protect me...I knew you would come...'

Looking at the face of Prahlad, Narasimha smiled, 'Yes son! For you I have come!...'

Prahlad looked at his father's body and looked at Narasimha, 'Do not worry son! You do not know his story!  

He is my ex-doorkeeper Vijaya.  He was born here because of a curse. After three more births he will attain his place back in Vaikunta.. .

Do not worry about him...'



If there were no seasons as CREATED by Vishnu avatar Varaha – there would be NO chance for Brahma and Shiva to create and destroy – like evaporation and condensation, to sustain life on the planet .

VISHU IS A CELEBRATION FOR VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA.   WE BURST CRACKERS , WE HAVE RIP ROARING FUN.

ONAM IS A MARK OF GRATITUDE FOR KERALA KING MAHABALI.

Birds and whales wouldn't migrate, bears wouldn't hibernate, and insect populations wouldn't cycle.  Deciduous trees (those that shed their leaves before a cold season) and perennial plants would die, having been denied their required dormant season. 

The cycles of flowering plants would be disrupted. All plant life on earth would be affected, and because the feeding and reproductive stages of nearly all animal-life on earth follows the seasonal changes in the plant world, the results would clearly be monumental.

Summer is warmer than winter (in each hemisphere) because the Sun's rays hit the Earth at a more direct angle during summer than during winter and also because the days are much longer than the nights during the summer. During the winter, the Sun's rays hit the Earth at an extreme angle, and the days are very short.

There would be no ocean currents and monsoons, due to lack of clockwise and counter-clockwise vortices..

In a world without seasons, there wouldn't even be wheat., humans would probably never have advanced past a state of living in small, scattered settlements, scrounging for survival and often dying of horrific insect-borne diseases.

Earth without a tilt would be stratified into climate bands that would get progressively colder as you moved away from the equator. Humans would never survive the continuous winter of the high latitudes, and so we would likely congregate in the planet's tropical midsection with a dwindling fresh water supply..

If the habitable world were a humid tropical zone like the rain forests of the Congo, unrelenting rainfall would quickly erode soil in any areas cleared for farming, and would leach nutrients down below root level, swiftly rendering tilled land infertile for crops.

Vishu is usually on 14th April.





The Tropic of cancer is at 23.4 deg North and the Tropic of Capricon is 23.4 deg South. The sun will travel north till it reaches the tropic of cancer ( relative ) and then will turn back and proceed south to the tropic of Capricon — continiously and endlessly.

This means places North of tropic of cancer in India will never have the SUN DIRECLY OVERHEAD AT NOON .  

When the sun is exactly overhead at noon, a vertical stick or a tall pillar on the ground will cast no shadow, and the light and dark hours of the day will be of same duration. 

When the sun is overhead at the equator, ( declination is zero ) the sun will rise exactly at the east and set exactly at the west .  But India does NOT extend to the southwards equator. On ships we have experienced this.

While places below the tropic of Cancer to the southern tip of India will have the sun directly overhead twice— one when the sun is travelling north and the other time when it travels south.

Vishu occurs on the first day when the sun is enters the rashi of medham on its passage NORTHWARDS  from the tropic of capricon (via the equator)  to the tropic of cancer..

April 14th  marks the new year in accordance with Kolla Varsham the Malayalam calendar.  This occasion signifies the sun's transit into the Meda Rasi (first zodiac sign ) according to Indian astrological calculations, and represents the vernal equinox. 

The Malayalam calendar is a sidereal solar calendar. In Kerala Medam is seeding time.

Western astrology takes the tropical approach, whereas Hindu astrology takes the ACCURATE sidereal one. This results in the originally unified zodiacal coordinate system drifting apart gradually, with a clockwise(westward) precession of 1.4 degrees per century.

For the tropical zodiac used in Western astronomy and astrology, this means that the tropical sign of Aries currently lies somewhere within the constellation Pisces ("Age of Pisces").  




Most perceptive modern Western astrologers, have advocated abandoning the tropical system in favour of a sidereal one. This is what happens when you steal without understanding the concepts.

Vedic Hindu astronomy uses sidereal time which takes into account the precession of the equinoxes—though the white man tries to ridicule us for NOT knowing this— and that too after immorally after copying from us. 

The earth revolves around the sun in a ELLIPTICAL orbit -- and at the same time the earth wobbles on its own axis -- like a slowed down top, where it takes 25765 years for a full round wobble ..





A solar calendar is a calendar whose dates indicate the apparent position of the sun moving on the celestial sphere.

The Hindu solar calendar starts on April 14–15 ( Kerala Vishu festival ) each year. This signifies the sun's "entry" into Mesha ( medham ) rashi .

Like I said before , the malayalam calendar is a siderial solar calendar. The position of the earth is reckoned with respect to the zodiacal constellation near which the sun can be found.

The Indian national Saka calendar is used, alongside the Gregorian calendar, by the Government of India.  The Saka calendar is also used in Bali with Hinduism religion .  Here the medham starts on March 21st ( aries ).This is for uniformity to unite the country where there are different methods.  The use officially started at medam (Chaitra) 1, 1879 Saka Era, or March 22, 1957.

This system is totally based on revolving of the earth around the sun.  It is independent of revolving of the moon around the earth. .  This date March 22nd is chosen , as on this date, the day and night are of equal  length in “both hemispheres of the earth”- basically at the equator.

Sidereal and tropical are astrological terms used to describe two different definitions of a "year". 

Thus Aries of the tropical zodiac is from 21st March to 20th April—while it is from 15th April to 15th May as per the siderial zodiac.

Both divide the ecliptic into a number of "signs" named after constellations, but while the sidereal system defines the signs based on the fixed stars, the tropical system defines it based on the position of vernal equinox (i.e., the intersection of the ecliptic with the celestial equator).

Because of the precession of the equinoxes, the two systems do not remain fixed relative to each other but drift apart by about 1.4 arc degrees per century..

In astronomy this is a difference between the length of a sun - tropical year (365.2422 rotations of the earth) and a star -sidereal year (365.2563 rotations).

The tropical system was adopted during the Hellenistic period and remains prevalent in Western astrology—basically lifted without commonsense from ancient Hindu astrology .. 

The Tropical Zodiac is the position of the sun referenced against the earth’s horizon at a particular locale which gives you the seasons as a measure of the flow of time.  The framework for the 4 seasons are the 2 solstices and the 2 equinoxes. This is the one most western astrologers use.

The Sidereal Zodiac is the position of the sun referenced against the star background, as a measure of the flow of time. The framework for the star background is the constellations the sun passes in front of. This is the one perceptive astronomers use.

We can measure time by the seasons (tropical time) or by the stars (sidereal time). The sun, as the time hour hand, is common to both.

Tropical Zodiac:--Most people know what their birth sign is. They may be a Libra or a Taurus or one of 10 other signs of the Tropical Zodiac.

What does it mean?

It means that at the time of their birth, from an earth perspective, the sun was in 1 of 12 zones around the earth.  Each of the 12 has an angular length of 300. 12 X 300 =3600.  The frame of reference for these zones is the sun’s positions relative to the earth’s horizon.  

As the sun moves through the seasons its altitude changes and so do the compass bearings of its rising and setting positions. 

None of these signs can be directly related to a group of stars that can be seen in the skies with one's physical eyes.

Sanskrit term Ayanamsa is the angle by which the sidereal ecliptic longitude of a celestial body is less than its tropical ecliptic longitude. Ayanamsa is around 24° today. The ayanamsha describes the increasing gap between the tropical and sidereal zodiacs.  

The ayanamsa, changes continually through the Precession of the Equinoxes at the rate of approximately 50" a year. Suryasiddhaanta states that ayanamsha was zero in 499 AD (Mesha Samkranti).

Tropical (sayana) zodiac is analogous to measuring the positions of trees and buildings sitting in a slowly moving bus. Sidereal (nirayana) zodiac, on the other hand, considers a fixed zodiac.

Astrologers when they use modern astronomical calculations to determine the position of celestial bodies, they need to take into account the difference caused by the different reference point used in specifying the longitude, and this they call the ayanamsa.    

As earth’s precession changes every year, the difference between the tropical zodiac and the sidereal zodiac changes. This difference is called “ayanamsa” (sidereal difference

The Islamic calendar is still lunar, with no correction for the extra days in a solar year. As a result, the Islamic months move forward by about 11 days every solar year. So, for instance, the month of Ramzan (or Ramadan) keeps shifting. It was in November in the year 2005.

Every calendar on this planet ,including the Mayan calendar has been lifted from the Hindu calendar.

During the equinox, a day has equal number of hours of daylight and darkness, which describes the origin of the word "Vishu" which in Sanskrit means "equal".
Malayalam Month ( sidereal )   / English Months      

Chingam /        16 August -15 September
Kanni  /           16 September -15 October
Thulam   /        16 October -15 November
Vrischikam/     16 November -15 December
Dhanu /           16 December -14 January
Makaram/        15 January –14 February
Kumbham/      15 February -14 March
Meenam/         15 March -14 April
Medam/           15 April -15 May
Edavam/          16 May -15 June
Midhunam/      16 June -15 July
Karkhidakam/  16 July -15 August

On the day, the Sun leaves Meenam Rasi and enters Meda Rasi, it is Vishu Sankraman and Vishu is celebrated the next day.  The first day for Medam is the unchangeable day of Vishu, whereas other festivals are determined according to the lunar asterisms on which they fall.

Tropical Zodiac/  English Months
Aries/         21 March –20 April   
Taurus/       21 April –21 May      
Gemini /      22 May – 21 June   
Cancer/       22 June –22 July
Leo /           23 July – 22 August  
Virgo  /        23 August –23 September   
Libra /          24 September – 23 October 
Scorpio/            24 October –22 November   
Sagittarius/        23 November –21 December
Capricorn/        22 December –20 January     
Aquarius /         21 January –19 February       
Pisces  /            20 February –20 March

Mind you ,all these fancy English ( Greeko ) names are all STOLEN from the ancient Hindu calendar.  All their constellations names too are stolen.

Just a few examples:
Tulam is Libra ( balance ).
Chingam or Simham is Leo ( lion )
Kanni or kanya is Virgo ( virgin girl )
Meenam is Pisces ( fish )
Kumbam is Aquarius ( water pot ).
Midhunam is Gemini ( couple )



The passage of the sun into the Medam ‘rasi’, is called`Meda sankramam’. Only when Meda sankramam takes places before the break of dawn on Medam 1 do we consider it the new year day and wake up to see the Vishukani. 

The Indian system calculates a day from sunrise to sunset, unlike the western concept of 24-hour clock, which starts ticking off the day from 12 midnight.

Since the sankramam is after the sunrise on Medam day 1, this day fails to qualify as the new year day, and  hence in 2014, April 15th is the day of Vishu..  Only after sunrise does the day begin for us. And sunrise on Medam day 2 is at 6.18 a.m. while it is still technically Medam day 1 till the next sunrise, only by which time Vishu kani time is over.

Lord Vishnu  is associated with this holy day.   He is the ‘Kaalapurusha’ or lord of Time in Hindu belief.  As the Zodiac New Year starts on ‘Vishu’, devotees make oblations to Lord  Vishnu ( especially his Krishna / Varaha avatar ) for his blessings.

These vulgar invaders robbed us blind in 250 years , converting India from the richest on the planet to the poorest -- and now want to make fun of our poverty.    

They call us savages after stealing and patenting our intellectual rights.

NO MORE, YOU LYING WHITE SKINNED HUMAN RACE —

THESE POSTS ( SIX PARTS ) ON SANATANA DHARMA WILL LAST TILL THE BRAHMA BREATHES IN AND THE SUN GOES SUPERNVOVA – 

FOR MILLIONS OF YEARS .

IT WILL HAVE MORE AND MIGHTIER IMPACT THE THE REVIVAL OF SANATANA DHARMA BY ADI SHANKARACHARYA (  THE LAST MAN WITH 12 STRAND DNA AND A KING SIZED PINEAL GLAND )  IN 2000 BC.




Below: The nutation of the planet is indicated in DHRUV STAMBH ( Qutab Minar ) which was a Hindus observatory bases on VISHNU NABHI.




Below: Precession is due to gyroscopic inertia






Below:  The topmost part of Qutab Minar had a Brahma Pavilion. 




It is still lying on the ground. Brahma sits on a tender lotus stalk which precesses and nutates.



Below: Today is Ganesh Chaturthi-- 

I WISH ALL MY READERS A HAPPY DAY-- BE PROUD OF OUR ASTOUNDING HINDU LEGACY 



All around the astronomical pillar there are structures for the 27 Vedic star constellations .The Muslim invader has boasted that he destroyed all 27 structures in the pavilion -- but he neglected to say that he erected the Qutab Minar.



Successive Muslim invader kings retro-installed Arabic scripts . They just turned the stones over -- and when some of them fell off the stone slabs has Koran inscriptions of one side and Hindu Gods like Vishnu and Ganesha on the other.



The 6 pointed star of David  lies all over the place ( Qutab Minar ) , and so does dozens of Hindu Motifs and gods.



MULLAH SABEB WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH A JEWISH SYMBOL ?



The Qutub complex initially contained 27 Hindu pavilion temples for each constellation which were destroyed and their material was used in construction of subsequent structures by Muslim invaders..  

Below: Hindu dharma prevents us from snatching away what is not ours !




The ruins of some ancient temples are still present in the Qutub complex.

Below: I have seen this fresco is so many ancient Hindu temples 

TOP:  MULLAH SABEB WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH A SNAKE SWALLOWING ITS OWN TAIL  ?








At the foot of the tower is the Quwwat-ul-Islam Mosque, the first mosque to be built in India ( as per Wikipedia and the guide ) —which is BULLSHIT as the first mosque in India and the second mosque on the planet is Cheraman Perumal Mosque at Kodungallur ( Muzris ) Kerala, India..

 The Koran was edited in this mosque at  Kodungallur Muzris.

The cosmological allegories of Bible( story blueprint ) were written at Kodungallur / Muzris University .owned by the Calicut king—my hometown.    Jesus Christ studied there for 3 years.


I will explain in HANDS DOWN manner below. I am a navigator, I know. I have spent the first 10 years of my ship command  at sea looking at the stars to find out where my ship is. 

What has gone up will now come down to its rightful place .

Below: Qutab Minar pavilion



# Name Pada 1 Pada 2 Pada 3 Pada 4
1 Ashwini (अश्विनि) चु Chu चे Che चो Cho ला La
2 Bharani (भरणी) ली Li लू Lu ले Le लो Lo
3 Kritika (कृत्तिका) अ A ई I उ U ए E
4 Rohini(रोहिणी) ओ O वा Va/Ba वी Vi/Bi वु Vu/Bu
5 Mrigashīrsha(म्रृगशीर्षा) वे Ve/Be वो Vo/Bo का Ka की Ke
6 Ārdrā (आर्द्रा) कु Ku घ Gha ङ Ng/Na छ Chha
7 Punarvasu (पुनर्वसु) के Ke को Ko हा Ha ही Hi
8 Pushya (पुष्य) हु Hu हे He हो Ho ड Da
9 Āshleshā (आश्लेषा) डी Di डू Du डे De डो Do
10 Maghā (मघा) मा Ma मी Mi मू Mu मे Me
11 Pūrva or Pūrva Phalgunī (पूर्व फाल्गुनी) नो Mo टा Ta टी Ti टू Tu
12 Uttara or Uttara Phalgunī (उत्तर फाल्गुनी) टे Te टो To पा Pa पी Pi
13 Hasta (हस्त) पू Pu ष Sha ण Na ठ Tha
14 Chitra (चित्रा) पे Pe पो Po रा Ra री Ri
15 Svātī (स्वाति) रू Ru रे Re रो Ro ता Ta
16 Viśākhā (विशाखा) ती Ti तू Tu ते Te तो To
17 Anurādhā (अनुराधा) ना Na नी Ni नू Nu ने Ne
18 Jyeshtha (ज्येष्ठा) नो No या Ya यी Yi यू Yu
19 Mula (मूल) ये Ye यो Yo भा Bha भी Bhi
20 Pūrva Ashādhā (पूर्वाषाढ़ा) भू Bhu धा Dha फा Bha/Pha ढा Dha
21 Uttara Aṣāḍhā (उत्तराषाढ़ा) भे Bhe भो Bho जा Ja जी Ji
22 Śrāvaṇa (श्र‌ावण) खी Ju/Khi खू Je/Khu खे Jo/Khe खो Gha/Kho
23 Śrāviṣṭha (श्रविष्ठा) or Dhanishta गा Ga गी Gi गु Gu गे Ge
24 Shatabhisha (शतभिषा)or Śatataraka गो Go सा Sa सी Si सू Su
25 Pūrva Bhādrapadā (पूर्वभाद्रपदा) से Se सो So दा Da दी Di
26 Uttara Bhādrapadā (उत्तरभाद्रपदा) दू Du थ Tha झ Jha ञ Da/Tra
27 Revati (रेवती) दे De दो Do च Cha ची Chi


On an arch leading to the iron pillar, Qutub Ud Din Aibak left an plaque that he destroyed the 27 Hindu constellation ( Nakshatra ) temples around the stone pillar.

As per our Puranas, the stalk of the lotus flower emerges from the navel of Lord Vishnu . It is just NOT a simple flower –but an amazing allegory--  the lotus “seed-pod”, which is symbolically equivalent to the golden Mount Meru, the axis-mundi of the universe.  

The Qutab Minar is representative of the Meru.   Mount Meru is the abode of the gods and on top of Meru are present the palaces of Brahma and the protectors of the eight directions.  The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Brahma sits on a lotus which stems out of Vishnu’s nabhi or navel.


The samhita of Manu takes us from a pinnacle of light to the ultimate end-point of the process—the darkness of Kali Yuga.   The 24 petals is representative of the 24,000-year period of the Vedic Yuga cycle. 

The Sun itself orbits around the galactic center at a radius of about 8,500 parsecs and takes over 200 million years to make one full orbit.   This the adjustment Varaha boar ( Vishnu ) made as the Milankovitch Cycle of 25,765 years that is related to the precession of earth's axis.

Manu Samhita says :
chatvaaryahu sahsrani varshanaantu kritam yugam
tasya tavchhati sandhya sandhyanshrshch tathavidhah
itreshu sasandhyeshu sasandhyaansheshu ch trishu
ekapayen vartante sahsrani shatani ch
yadetat parisankhyaatmadadev chaturyugam
aetad dwadash-sahstram devaanaam yugmuchyate
daivikanaam yuggnaantu sahastram prisankhyayaa
braahmaikamahgyeyam taatati raatriraiv ch

The ancient seers of the Vedic culture referred to the Galactic Center as Vishnunabhi, or the navel of Vishnu. Brahma (Ultimate Creator) sits on a lotus,the symbol of divine energy and divine grace. The lotus grows from the navel of Vishnu, who is the sleeping god, whose dream is the universe. . . .

Brahma opens his eyes ( EXHALES )and a world comes into being. . . Brahma closes his eyes ( INHALES ) , and a world goes out of being. Lord Vishnu is said to rest in the coils of Ananta, the great serpent of Infinity, while he waits for the universe to recreate itself.    


You cant have a big bang out of nothing—rather it is inhalation and exhalation.  How the cosmos is created is mentioned in the verses of Nasadiya Sukta.


If you hover right on top of Qutab minar in a helicopter you see a 24 petal flower. 




24 petal rashi chakra depicts the zodiac . It is a belt of the heavens limited by  lines about 8 degrees on either side of the ecliptic or the path of  the Sun.    In Hinduism we have 12 signs (‘Rashis’), each 30°, of the zodiac  and 27 constellations,  each of 13°.20’ (thirteen degrees and twenty  minutes).

APUN BHI COSMIC ALLEGORY !

The 2000 year old Bible has amazing similarities with 7000 year old  Indian Vedic Astronomical texts. 

ONLY INDIANS KNEW ASTRONOMY THOSE DAYS







0n 2150 BC the zodiac of taurus ( indian rishabham (bull)  / aldebaran ) is over-- it existed only from 4300 BC to 2150 BC -- 




In Genesis 22, the Ram ( ARIES ) was in the bush and sacrificed instead of Isaac  by Abraham. The Muslims celebrate by Bakrid.




TAURUS- ARIES- PISCES- AQUARIUS ???


APUN BHI COSMIC ALLEGORY !


-- the age from 2150 BC is aries, ( indian medam / hamal )) the ram till 1 AD.

3 wise kings sitting on 3 camels follow the eastern star—



The 3 stars of " belt of orion constellation" ( alnitak/ alnilam/ mintaka ) aligns with the brightest star in the heavens , Sirius ( canis major constellation ) on 25th Dec.  




Draw a straight line through theses 4 points-- and the sun rises there.



The annual eclipses of the Sirius system by the Sun are extremely precise. Sirius (Mrgavyadha "deer hunter ) rises just before the Sun on the morning of June 19th, exactly 365 days, 6 hours, 9 minutes, and 9.54 seconds after its last rising.

In the past the new year has been celebrated by most people on the planet on the morning of June 19th, at the rising of Sirius.

3 wise men sitting on camels  reach Bethlehem and see Jesus born in the stable delivered by virgin Mary.   



Why a strange place as a stable?   

The stable is to be construed between the Makara Capricon goat and Dhanu Sagittarius horse constellations.  



Constellation Virgo which has Spica star is house of bread. ( Virgin girl holding bread corn ) . Those days corn ( maize ) was available only in India .





Kanya literally virgin ( Mary ) in Sanskrit,  holds a sheaf of  corn.    

In Sanskrit , and my language Malayalam KANYA STHREE means "Virgin" Woman -- or a Roman Catholic nun.

Bethelehem in Yiddish is house of bread.  When the new spring sun rose at Mina Pisces, Virgo was standing on the western horizon, for it is exactly opposite to Pisces in the zodiac.

Below: I have spent 4 decades looking at the stars in open ocean-- I know !






Jesus is crucified on the cross. On 22nd dec , the sun is SETS under the southern cross ( 4 star constellation ) and is resurrected after 3 days.  



After 3 days the sun rises-- and now days become longer than nights ( down from tropic of cancer and up from the tropic of capricon ) .







Jesus feeds 2 fishes to 5000 folks . 



From 1 AD to 2150 AD it is the age of Pisces( Indian Menam ) . 

It must be remembered Jesus was a vegetarian after he went back from Kerala to Jerusalem after learning meditation , astrology and healing.

Equinoxial and ecliptic cuts at Pisces , ( due to tilt of the earth at 23.5 degress ) and NOT aries.

Luke 22:10 last pass over-- follow the man with water pitcher





From 2150 AD it is Aquarius ( Indian Kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes--

12 disciples of Jesus are the 12 Zodiacs, Aries to Pisces in Sanskrit are  Mesa , Vrishabha, Mithunam, Karkatakam, Simha, Kanya, Tulam , Vrisksikam, Danu, Makaram, Kumbham, Meenam.

This was written in Sanskrit and Malayalam at least 5000 years before it was written in any other language.

APUN BHI COSMIC ALLEGORY !

One of them THOMAS , of doubting Thomas fame, who came to my hometown Calicut in Kerala by ship ( sent by Jesus ) .  

He built the first churches at Kodungaloor ( Muzris ) where Jesus studied for 3 years and took a Namboodiri woman Mary Magdalene as his wife.

Below: North Pole was already taken by Dhruv ( North star ) and the seven Sapt Rishis 








Indian Name/   Bayer/  Western name

Kratu/α /Dubhe
Pulaha/β /Merak
Pulastya/γ /Phecda
Atri/δ /Megrez
Angiras/ε /Alioth
Vasishtha/ζ /Mizar
Bhrigu/η /Alkaid



Below: The immoral white invader injected poison-- sex starved and corpse eating tribal Shiva roamed around naked in Deodhar forest . The sapt rishis were in deep penance.  The horny wives of the seven rishies shed their clothes in lust and ran after Shiva.





Let me quote Wikipedia:
QUOTE: Bhikshatana (Sanskrit: भिक्षाटन; Bhikṣāṭana; literally, "wandering about for alms, mendicancy"[1]) or Bhikshatana-murti (Bhikṣāṭanamūrti) is an aspect of the Hindu god Shiva. Wandering, Bhikshatana reached the Deodar Forest (also called Daruka forest, Daruka-vana or Daru-vana), where he shocked the sages with his "lewdness and nudity" and tempted their wives.:
The naked, handsome, ithyphallic (with an erect phallus, urdhvalinga) beggar Shiva entered the forest, begging for alms from the sages' wives. They were so enamoured of him that while granting alms, they allowed their clothes to fall off and followed him, dancing and singing, love-sick. Bhikshatana was accompanied by Mohini—Vishnu disguised as Bhikshatana's enchanting wife, who maddens the sages' sons in love. The sages, unable to recognise Shiva, abused and cursed him, even assaulting him. They cursed that his Linga (phallus) should fall off. Shiva allowed it to be so and the Linga became an infinite fiery pillar of light. Anusuya, the wife of sage Atri, enlightened the sages that the couple was none other than Shiva and Vishnu. The sages thereafter worshipped the Linga.
Shiva escapes to the Deodar Forest and lives as a mendicant. The sages' wives who come to grant him food become sexually excited at the mere sight of him. The sages curse his Linga to fall off and it becomes the infinite pillar. Brahma and Vishnu propitiate him and Shiva reabsorbs the Linga into his body. In another instance, while passing the Deodar Forest, Parvati notices sages who worship Shiva and have emaciated their bodies with fasts and severe vows. Parvati requests Shiva to save them from further pain, but Shiva declares that the sages are simply foolish and have not restrained their passion and anger. He enters the forest as a handsome man, wearing only a garland of sylvan flowers. He entices the sages' wives, who give him alms. As before, the Linga of the cursed Shiva falls off, but eventually the sages realise their folly and worship the Linga
In the Skanda Purana, the sages of the Deodar Forest are performing rituals and start to think of themselves as gods. To humble these arrogant sages, Shiva takes the form of Bhikshatana—an attractive young beggar—and Vishnu becomes Mohini, his wife. While the sages fall for Mohini, the women wildly chase Shiva. When the sages regain their senses, they perform a black magic sacrifice, which produces a serpent, a lion, an elephant (or tiger), and a dwarf, all of which attack Shiva, who overpowers them. Shiva then dances on the dwarf and takes the form of Nataraja, the Cosmic Dancer.[20]
Often the seductive nature of the naked Bhikshatana is emphasised in his torso and buttocks. Though his manhood is fully visible, Bhikshatana is never displayed as ithyphallic in South Indian iconography.[2][29] In contrast to textual descriptions, Orissan images of Bhikshatana depict him clothed with tiger skin and other body ornaments, but displaying an erect phallus.
Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta-gana (goblin attendants of Shiva). One of the attendants placed to the left of Bhikshatana should carry a large bowl used for storing the food alms of Shiva. The women, often seven in number,[36] are variously pictured as enamoured of Shiva, eager to embrace him, blessing him, or serving him food in his begging bowl with a ladle. The clothes of some of these women are slipping from their loins, symbolising their lust.  In some scenes, the sages are depicted as angry and trying to beat Bhikshatana, alluding to the Deodar Forest legend.[30]
AGAMA POISON:   Appar adds a strong erotic element in most of his verses, where the women directly desire physical contact with Bhikshatana. A woman in Appar's poetry sings:[52]

As he gazed at me
my garments slipped, I stood entranced,
I brought him alms
but nowhere did I see the Cunning One –
If I see him again
I shall press my body against his body
never let him go
that wanderer who lives in Ottiyur.
UNQUOTE 

Below: AGAMA STUFF - Rothschild created and backdated KANCHI Mutt poison .  

Sapta rishis wives showing their tits and twats to Shiva, who has his erect prick out-  dismayed sapt rishis look on. What is all this ?   Is this a Hindu temple ? 


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html




When BRICS comes to power CULTURAL TERRORISTS of Wikipedia will be brought to justice.

Below: Above FAKE statue is in London Museum, sex starved mortal Shiva .



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhikshatana


Below: Amish Tripathi, Shiva a tribal born in 1900 BC, he has wound marks -see he is just a mortal .




Let me quote Wikipedia:


QUOTE:  The Shiva Trilogy has become the fastest selling book series in the history of Indian publishing, with 2.5 million copies in print and over Rs 70 crore in sales.[14] Forbes India has ranked him among the top 100 celebrities in India thrice in a row, in 2012, 2013 and 2014.[15][16][17][18] Amish was also selected as an Eisenhower Fellow, an exclusive programme for outstanding leaders from around the world.[19] Amish Tripathi has recently been listed as one of India's "New Icons" by the DNA newspaper in its eighth anniversary special.[29] Amish has also been awarded Society Young Achievers Award for Literature[30]He also won the Communicator of the Year Award 2014, instituted by the Public Relations Council of India (PRCI).[31] PRCI, the premier body of PR, Media and HR professionals and academicians, has announced the award to Amish at the 8th Global Communication Conclave in Mumbai. Amish Tripathi was named Man of the Year 2013 by Radio One.[8] Amish was initially an atheist [43][44][45][46]  and believed in Charvaka Hindu philosophy.[47]UNQUOTE



CHARVAKA philosophy was created and back dated by Rothschild  .

Rothschild tried his best to propagate the John Galt hedonist philosophy by subverting our ancient literature.

This is where the FAKE Sanskrit proverb is “Rinam kritva ghritam pibet, yavan jivet sukham jivet” meaning –
“Live so long you have a life and live with all comforts and luxury even if you have to take a loan”

Charvaka is “materialist hedonism” and supposed to be propagated by a the “rather of Carnatic music” Puranadara ( sic!).

There is NO sage Charvaka in Indian history.

As per the white invader , Purandara Dasa fought the evils of casteism through his songs.
Purandara DASA is a FAKE and backdated creation of Rothschild.

Indian have NO idea what all false and fake ways the white man tried to subvert indian thought.

They created the fake “ Cārvāka school of philosophy” with its variety of atheistic and materialistic beliefs.

Such a school of thought never existed in India.  We never heard of it till the white invader came to India.

ALL DASAS ARE FAKE BACK DATED CHARACTERS OF ROTHSCHILD

This Charvaka philosophy was about the virtue of selfishness ( Ayn Rand –mistress of Rothschild philosophy )and the belief that that wisdom lay in enjoying pleasure and avoiding pain.

They were extremely critical of the Vedas giving propaganda that Vedas were just incoherent rhapsodies , and that the Vedas suffered from three faults - untruth, self-contradiction and tautology.

The Charvaka philosophy spread the belief that Vedas were cooked up by men and had no divine authority.

The white historian invented a false Cārvāka philosophy( Sarva-darśana-saṅgraha ) a fake poison injected work back dated and attributed to a 14th century Advaita Vedanta philosopher Mādhava Vidyāraṇya from Hampi India, which starts with a chapter on the Cārvāka system.


This chapter was created by the FAKE mutts of Rothschild.






Getting back-

उत्तानपादपुत्रोऽसौ मेढीभूतो ध्रुवो दिवि ।
स हि भ्रमन् भ्रामयते नित्यं चन्द्रादित्यौ ग्रहैः सह ।।

"Uttanpāda's son Dhruva is the fixed point in the Heavens on Mount Meru , around which all planets moves round"

The Chatur-yuga, 4,320,000 years is related to the precessional cycle, 25,791 years corresponding to a precession of 50.15 arc-seconds per year.

Kepler's laws of precession were written down in Sanskrit 7000 years ago. 

Sorry, Johannes Kepler-- East India Company stole our astronomical works for you , and our Kerala Calculus for Isaac Newton -- but today we are in the internet age. 

The age of drunken white men sitting over brandy and cigars after dinner , discussing what to publish in their peer reviewed science magazines is over. 

Here is a story written down 7000 years ago-

King Uttanapada had two wives. The older one was Suniti and the younger was Suruchi.  Elder Queen Suniti was kind and graceful, and she had a son by the name of Druv.

The younger queen Suruchi was very beautiful, but vain.  She had a son by the name of Uttama. 

Suruchi was afraid Prince Druv would become king as per royal tradition.

The King was under the spell of the dazzling beauty Suruchi. 

Once Druv saw his younger brother Uttam sitting on their father’s lap.  Little Druv asked his father to  give him a seat on his lap too. Pretty soon the king was sitting with both boys on his lap.

This sight infuriated Suruchi who screamed and  made Druv get down from the king’s lap.
  


The humiliated little child ran to Suneeti and fighting back tears , recounted what had transpired.

He asked his mother “ Is anybody more important and stronger than the king?”

Suneeti consoled little Druv by telling him “ Lord Vishnu is more powerful”



Druv asked “ Where does he live?”

Suniti said “  In those mountains ”

At night Druv slipped away into the darkness , and walked towards the mountains.

 He met Sage Narada and asked for advise.  Narad muni dissuaded Druv from undertaking such a difficult task. 
  


Narada told Druv: "You are young,…even great sages have not achieved the Almighty..."
  
Seeing Dhruv adamant, sage Narada taught Druv the technique of prayer and asked him to chant the supreme mantra: "Om Namo Bhagavate Vaasudevaaya".
  
Narada told him to sit where he was and meditate.  Druv started meditating , drinking only water from the Yamuna river.


 He released so much energy that the Saptarishis  ( 7 sages ) got disturbed from their meditation.
  
They discussed among themselves and came to the unanimous conclusion that only a god can create such tremendous energy. They decided to investigate and were very surprised to see a small child in deep meditation.

The King of Gods Indra got worried . With such energy even his own throne was in danger of getting usurped. He tried his best to disturb the little boy. The seven sages protected the boy .  Druv could not be disturbed, so great was his concentration.

Ultimately Vishnu came and stood in front of the little boy.  



The boy opened his eyes, and smiled. The Lord knew that Druv had started his penance, only because he had wanted to sit in his father’s lap, and was not allowed to. 

 Vishnu placed Dhruv on his Divine father’s lap as the Pole Star, also known as the North Star.
  
Vishnu placed the seven sages to protect him, with Kratu and Pulaha in immediate charge.




THUS A SMALL BOY WHO WAS THROWN OUT IN A DISGRACEFUL MANNER FROM THE KING'S LAP,  WAS NOW PERMANENTLY ENSCONCED IN THE LAP OF THE SUPREME COSMIC LORD.
   


But the credit for discovery of Polaris and Great bear constellation of 7 stars is given to Greeko Ptolemy in 140 AD.



SWASTIKA WAS THE ROYAL SEAL OF EMPEROR VIKRAMADITYA 7000 BC WHEN HE RULES DROM PALESTINE TO URALS TO VIETNAM  . HIS HOMING PIGEONS WOULD HAVE SWASTIKA SEAL IN GOLD ON THEIR LEGS ( which could not be removed unless you cut off the leg.)



Below: Swastika onhead after mundan ceremony was a DEEKSHA to the deserving  




Panchangam requires knowledge of spherical trigonometry and calculus to cast , with deep knowledge of astronomy and  sidereal movements of heavenly bodies. ( Surya Siddhantam)

Ancient maharishis could do spherical trigonometry and 3D graphs in their brains.

What is math?

It is solving of 3D graphs by numbers.

Anceint Maharishis need NOT do calculations on paper. Their laser brains could compute the altitude of a star and get the Latitude Longitude in a few seconds. This is a simple spherical triangle with one curves side and two straight sides.

The apex of the spherical triangle is the earth’s pole ( curved side top ) .  

The bottom of the curved side is the spot on the sea where a line joining the star with earth’s centre cuts the sea surface.  

The other spot where two straight lines of the triangle intersect is the spot when the seer is .  

He got the 90 degrees minus altitude ( the intersection between the curved line bottom and the straight line ( azimuth towards the star ) .  

He got 90 degrees minus declination which is the latitude of the star .  

He can compute the rest—  piece of cake. 

The WISE maharishi had his PZX triangle on the surface of the earth -- the STUPID white man had to take it to the celestial sphere . 





Ancient Vishvavijaya Panchāngam were cast for more than a century with Vedic math



The  “ultimate reality” of creation which physicists have arrived at by using mathematics , the Indian Maharishis arrived at by using their fractal brains, computed in instant 3D geometry.. .  



A Panchangam has 5 elements- the day,  Nakshatra (Star), Thithi, Yoga and Karana for each day.  




It is a reflection of the status quo of the akasha.   '



Panchangam evolved in Kerala over  9000  years.



Below: We in Kerala know that the Greeks stole without understanding. 

Western stolen astrology is NONSENSE 


Today we find so many rationaists ( atheists in the payroll of NWO, and Christians ) trying to run down astrology.   

My wife matched more than 400 horoscopes in the last year to choose a bride for my elder son.  Do I look like a STUPID guy to you ?   

Is my elder son a MORON to let go gorgeous girls from ancient and rich families just because his mother wants a better divine match ? 

How many of these rationalists can beat my son in an IQ test ? Dont even think about it, you dimwits  ! 

The Judas BENAMI media may make you an intellectual .  That is where it ends !

Varahamihira the great Astrologer and astronomer from wrote 4600 years ago,  in the opening of his Samhita, “ It has been said in Vedas that the first primeval thing was darkness, which is not identical with the black colour, but a kind of non-existence like the state of a sleeping person.”

Singularity existed before the big-bang. When you have a big bang which created the cosmos, you need to have a black hole singularity too. This is commonsense which Albert Einstein and party ignored despite being very proficient with Indian Vedas.

The whole world goes GA GA about Albert Einstein for this path breaking ORIGINAL ( sic !) theories –
that-
--Energy and matter is interconvertible
--Space time fabric
--Space Time dilation
etc etc

ALL THESE THINGS HAVE BEEN WRITTEN DOWN IN THE ANCIENT INDIAN SCRIPTURES  7000 YEARS BEFORE  .

Albert Einstein’s proficiency in Math was below par.

Anybody who has criticized the Vedas, is an enemy of Hinduism and is jealous of ancient India..  Any Indian who gave away our Vedas to the white , blond haired, blue eyed man is a double agent and a traitor.

The Vedas are the crowning glory, strength and sustenance of the wise Hindu race.   It is the Vedas which kept Hinduism alive after 800 years of debilitating slavery.

There is nothing in Hinduism that does not owe its origin and allegiance to the Vedas, directly or indirectly.  Every Hindu's conduct, social carriage  and spiritual attainments have been shaped, and will be shaped in the future by the Vedas.

These sacred texts are the foundation of the Hindu way of life,  and also the support for its evolution.  We are NOT the PAGAN human and animal sacrificing SAVAGES  , as branded by the proselytizing white man to be.  Imagine simple peaceful vegetarians sacrificing animals in temples.

When the warrior caste of the Hindu race failed to save the country from the brutal and cunning invaders, because they were too honourable, it was the Vedas that saved the Indian race from internal dissipation, as had happened in every other country. 

When the bulldozers of freemason driven science started tearing down every religion into meek submission, it was the Vedas that made the Hindus stand in all majesty and with dignity -- unconquered, unscathed. 

And finally, when materialism and its never satiating ally, consumerism, is sucking the globe of its vitality, it is the Vedas that make the Hindus laugh at the greedy and vain monster -- in derision. 


For Vedas has taught us to be happy internally—NOT to run after happiness. Rather happiness must alight on our heads like a butterfly.   Inner happiness is all about equilibrium or dynamic balance between your SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER.  For life is a combination of spiritual, intellectual and physical aspects. 

We Hindus knew that after the game of life, the prince and the pauper goes into the same box.
Among all  ancient civilizations , the Indian philosopher alone seems to have had any perspective of the vast space and time.

Yet the white man talks about other civilizations in the same breath as India—Maya- Hopi, Aztec, Egyptian, Mesopotamina, Sumerian, Greek, Roman etc.  

How many of these civilizations knew to talk , leave along write in 5000 BC ?  How many of them have left behind books of any value ?-- leave alone great mental leaps  !


Hindu philosophy is able to envisage beyond the point of 'singularity', at which modern scientific theories have stopped. The Hindu philosopher alone seems to have had any clear perspective of the origin of universe.  

The Vedas are mankind's oldest scriptures. They are regarded by Hindus as direct revelation from God (Apourusheyas) absorbed by seers .

The Vedic thinkers tried to understand the beginning, growth and end of life, and they tried to learn the truth, which controls not only our life, but the related planets too.  

The Vedic philosophers called the universe Brahmanda, meaning infinite cosmic egg..  The whole universe was in a concentrated form which is mentioned as a point, or Bindu of Sri Yantra ( singularity ) .

Modern science says that this Universe is 13.7 billion years old. By weight, it is 4% of atoms, 23% of dark matter and 73% of dark energy.

This is in consonance with the  Na asat na sat concept of Vedas . describes zero state or total single black hole concept. From this state, the next stage of 'ambhas' ( cosmic waters ) is formed.

The Nasadiya Sukta despite being a hymn transcends the limits of logical thinking-- for only in  poetry can such a profound message be conveyed --  invoking in splendid verses the Primal Mystery that transcends both human and divine...

The Rgveda has 1028 hymns (suktas) divided into ten mandalas (books). The shortest sukta (hymn) has 1 verse, whereas the longest has 58 verses, and the total number of verses is 10,462.

The Cosmic Egg of Vedanta is akin to the point of 'Singularity' in astrophysics.  It is a point or 'Bindu',  at the centre of the Sri Yantra.

After 30000 years by oral route, the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC  — the Maharishis predicted that the human DNA will  getting degraded , pineal glands would get atrophied , memories and mental acuity would  deteriorate.

When I was in school we had in our school science text, ( prepared by Lord Macaulay ), the Indian concept of the planet.

It was the back of a tortoise , and the white man ridiculed that Indians were dead scared of people falling off the edge of the world.

And then they gave various other models of Greek, English , etc where the white man got it right, unlike the stupid Indian.

I remember getting very embarrassed as a 8 year old child--and breaking into a sweat. 
 
NOT ANY MORE-





Today I know that every ancient Indian Vedic knowledge, written down in Sanskrit in books in 5000 BC  were stolen by the white man, who patented it for themselves.

A lot of this knowledge they wrangled from the Arab middlemen .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/mansa-musa-king-of-mali-and-sri.html

Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . 

You must understand that these diameters were calculated accurately more than 7 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different.

THE MAGIC IN THE VEDAS IS BY PURE UTTERANCE OF SANSKRIT VERSES TO PRODUCE LONGITUDINAL SOUND WAVES.

AT THE SAME TIME THE VERSES HAS DEEP MEANING .  ONLY AN IDIOT WILL TAKE A WORD  COW IN THE VEDAS TO BE A REAL COW.

Vedas is NOT about metered poetry alone . They go deep into the cause of the events taking place in the cosmos and unveils the facts..  Seven verses, which start from ‘no time, no space’ mode, gradually reaches the center of deep darkness, surrounded by smooth, unending ether.





नासदासीन्नो सदासीत्तदानीं नासीद्रजो नो व्योमा परो यत् ।
किमावरीवः कुह कस्य शर्मन्नम्भः किमासीद्गहनं गभीरम् ॥१॥

nasadasinno sadasittadanim | nasidrajo no vyoma paro yat |

kimavarivah kuhakasya sharmann | ambhah kimasidgahanam gabhiram \\1||

There was NO existence then , nor non-existence.
No realm of air yet , nor etheric aakasha beyond..
What cloaked  all,  where, by whose maya ?
Did not the cosmic waters pervade dark and deep !.



न मृत्युरासीदमृतं न तर्हि न रात्र्या अह्न आसीत्प्रकेतः ।
आनीदवातं स्वधया तदेकं तस्माद्धान्यन्न परः किं चनास ॥२॥

na mrutyurasidamrutam na tarhi | na ratrya ahna asitpraketah |
anidavatam svadhaya tadekam | tasmaddhanyannaparah ki~jchanasa || 2 ||


There was no cycle of birth or decay
Nor a mediator for darkness and light
The field of consciousness breathed , self sustaining .
Apart from morphogenetic BrahmAn , there was none !




तम आसीत् तमसा गूळमग्रेऽप्रकेतं सलिलं सर्वमाइदम्
तुच्येनाभ्वपिहितं यदासीत् तपसस्तन्महिनाजायतैकम्

tama asittamasa guhlamagre praketam | salilam sarvamaidam |

tuchchenabhvapihitam yadasit | tamasastanmahina jayataikam || 3 ||

Dark energy concealed in darkness
A continuum of dark cosmic ocean
Then That which lay in void thus covered
Burst forth in glory self excited by intent



कामस्तदग्रॆ समवर्तताधि मनसॊ रॆत: प्रथमं यदासीत् ।
सतॊबन्धुमसति निरविन्दन्हृदि प्रतीष्या कवयॊ मनीषा ॥४॥

kamastadagre samavartatadhi | manaso retah prathamam yadasit |

sato bandhumasati niravindanna | hrudi pratishya kavayo manisha || 4 ||

In the great cosmic mind all pervading
Vibrations of Kama sprout from conscious thought
The seers who have searched within with wisdom
Have witnessed the conscious equation between matter and energy

NOTE: KAMA IS NOT LUSTFUL DEVIANT SEX



तिरश्चीनो विततो रश्मिरेषामधः स्विदासी दुपरिस्विदासी
रेतोधाआसन् महिमान आसन् स्वधा अवस्तात् प्रयतिः परस्तात्

tirashchino vitato rashmireshamadhah | svidasi duparisvidasi |

retodha asanmahiman asanna | svadho avastat prayatih parastat || 5 ||

An oblique ray cut Being from Non-being .
What was described above, and what below this screen?
Above was the power of conscious intent ,
Below was the strength of creative discipline



को अद्धा वेद क इह प्र वोचत् कुत आजाता कुत इयंविसृष्टिः
अर्वाग् देवा अस्य विसर्जनेनाथा को वेद यतआबभूव

ko addha veda ka iha pravochat | kut ajata kut iyam visrushtih |

arvagdeva asya visarjanaya | atha ko veda yata ababhuva || 6 ||

Who really knows? Who in this world may declare it!
When was this holographic exhalation , whence will be the pralaya inhalation?
Only after this holographic projection ( ADVAITA )came the field gods
Who move nature’s opposites ( DVAITA ) .  Who truly can say !



इयं विसृष्टिर्यत आबभूव यदि वा दधे यदि वा न
यो अस्याध्यक्षः परमे व्योमन् सो अङ्ग वेद यदि वा नवेद

iyam visrushtiryata ababhuva | yadi va dadhe yadi va na |

yo asyadhyakshah parame vyomann | so amga veda yadi va na veda || 7 ||

He from whom this creation arose,
He may hold the reins , or he may not ( for no one else can !)
He who surveys it all from his highest heaven,

He verily knows it, or perhaps even he does not ? (What say you ?)



Below: When a Maharishis did mental fractal 3D geometry and wrote down a result 7000 year ago it is lucid dreaming .  

When a not so bright white Jew lifts this idea , 100 years ago, and slogs by number crunching ( outsourced actually ) for two years and then writes the same result down, it is scientific knowledge.



Today they are wondering why Irridium  Thorium and Rhodium is mixed with gold on our temple spires 




In the end... the maharishi rishi leaves the choice of knowing god... to the enquirer. It is the greatness of the Vedas and ancient Hindu philosophy that it does not force any conclusion on its followers or ram down religion from  a single holy book , down unwilling throats ..

" In its noble simplicity, in the loftiness of its philosophic vision it is possibly the most admirable bit of philosophy of olden times. .. .. .. No translation can ever do justice to the beauty of the original." - Paul Deussen (Ref. 5, pp 119 & 126)
  
In ancient Indian tradition , the purpose of debate was to seek agreement by evoking conscience — NEVER EVER for victory , by putting down others .
  
The ancient Maharishis were masters of  mind sciences -- Metaphysics, Dielectics and Epistemology. They were philosophers whose theories deal with puzzles about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge.

The maharishi ponders of a pre-creation stage with nothing in the universe. This is a remarkable vision of the pre-big-bang phase.  That unimaginable phase is described as an eerie nothing where there was no air or ether.


The philosophy contained within these few verses are mind blowing ! To fathom the creation of the cosmos thousands of years ago and peer into the nature of reality while the rest of the world was living in caves eating raw meat and doing GRUNT GRUNT for language is just incredible.



Akasha is the womb of creation bringing forth every physical aspect that can be perceived with the senses according to Hindu traditions  



Matter belongs to larger and slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute.  Mind is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the consciousness of the absolute.

Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous speeds they is the explanation of the non-local effects that were predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics.


That is why Hindus have NOT shunned astrology after 800 years of slavery—threats by sword pain of Jijya taxes of the Islamic invader --

-- and slimy sops like how a EVIL pedophile gives a lollypop to a 3 year old girl to suck on first - before he gets her to suck on something else.
.



Without factoring in consciousness there can be NO Theory of Every Thing (TOE) and Grand Unification Theory (GUT).   When science meets the consciousness field of Vedanta written 7000 years ago, the last frontier can be breached.

 The morphogenetic field or BrahmAn of Vedanta, has a self organizing electro magnetic nature. This is a merged grand Akashik field of several morphic fields of different nature by resonant coupling.  This inductive field has consciousness and self initiating nature. The ORIGINAL god of Sanatana Dharma cannot be seen or sensed by our 5 human senses.

This non-linear field is holographic and holds information of not only past history by even every thought , emotion and feeling held in the right hand subconscious lobe of your brain. This explains the power of prayer and intention.  

The quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses ( never mind what IDIOT newton said ) , and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics.  

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get.

The whole cosmos is interconnected in this field and speed is NOT restricted to speed of light.  Both "Time" and "Space" exist within the realm of our all pervading consciousness .

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that brahmAn is the fundamental enitity from which everything else has come.  Darwin and his monkey gang may NOT agree.  

Consciousness shapes our material world.  DNA about which Darwin had zilch idea , is a transceiver of information, some from the space time dimension and the other form the quantum world.

Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents ( DNA ) which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures.  

The quantum-vacuum morphic field interactions play a significant role in the fields of cosmology, physics, biology and consciousness.  The brains job is to maintain the physical portion of the link, between the body and consciousness . 

Any observer must be conscious, and therefore the consciousness of the observer is critical to the outcome of any quantum experiment.  It is NO great coincidence that almost all the great quantum scientists were proficient in Vedanta.   


 The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning.  Scalar electromagnetics is a unified field theory, of electromagnetics and gravitation, as per the Sri Yantra divine geometry.

What is in the macrocosm is in this microcosm.

As per Vedanta we are essentially holographic energy beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos.

None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis.  .


Vedanta and Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective.  Vedanta examines evidence, asserts hypotheses, quotes established authorities both pro and con its thesis, and closely reasons its way to a well-substantiated conclusion.

The space between the electrons , which gave free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha as per Vedanta . The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is the space between them that is, the “substance.” 

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded.. Vedanta is the ultimate philosophy of all philosophical speculations.

That Vedanta is available in the “soap is civilization” Christian West primarily through religious interpreters in pagan saffron robes has prejudiced their evaluation of its relevance to scientific concerns.

The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 14 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts.

'Om Isha vasyam idam sarvam, yat kincha jagatyam jagat'
"All this- whatever exists in this changing universe, is pervaded by consciousness"

-Isa Upanishad- 5000 BC

Om purnamadah purnamidam purnaat purnamudachyate,
  purnasya purnamadaya purnamevaavashishyate"

"That  (consciousness) is full (perfect) ; this (the manifest universe of matter; of names and forms being maya) is full.  This fullness has been projected from that fullness.  When this fullness merges in that fullness,  all that remains is fullness."

-Isa Upanishad



Above video :  Space has an energy density of 1094 grams per cubic centimeter. To call space a “vacuum” or the “quantum vacuum” is a misnomer because everything that we know about space indicates that it is not empty.  It is not a vacuum but rather a plenum—an absolute fullness, characterized by nearly infinite energy density and boundless luminosity.  Space is literally efflorescing with virtual photons and electron-positron pair production. It is not dead, empty or inert but radiant and shimmering with energetic potential.

Vedanta has always spoken about the importance of the conscious observer.  The mystic and the physicist has now arrived at the same conclusion; one starting from the inner realm, the other from the outer world.

Everything is energy. Einstein expressed an understanding of this truth in his famous theorem E=MC^2, which established the interchangeability of matter and energy.

Concerning matter, Einstein once remarked, "We have been all wrong. What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses. There is no matter." 

He has just quoted from Vedanta which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality.

The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness , for more than  30 millineums  and penned down 7000 years ago.   



In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe


Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.


Akasha –the morphogenetic consciousness field , as per Vedanta is the source of everything that exists, and in which the memory of the cosmos is encoded.  

When the Gita says "The Universe produced phenomenally in me, is pervaded by me. . . From me the world is born, in me it exists, in me it dissolves."  It can only be understood if we understand consciousness. This is why the Western readers who has NO idea of consciousness , thought that the glorious Vedas are bumpkin shepherds verses . 

Only consciousness can explain consciousness. The brahmAn (morphogenetic field) is the reason why a partially formed biological structure (the 'morphogentic germ’) gets attached to the morphogentic field of a species, which then guides the growth of the rest of the form.  

Every structure carries its own morphogentic field. The fabric of the universe, the primal Field, was created by consciousness and is held in existence by consciousness. The entire universe is the consciousness of the Creator.  Consciousness creates energy, it creates matter, and it creates the perspectives of space and time.

The DNA is a transceiver for the BrahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field.   The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.   Scalar waves ( made famous by Nikola Tesla ) is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness influence each other . 

 ‘Yato va imani bhutani jayante; yena jatani jivanti; yatprayantyabhisamvishantiti; tadvijijnasasva; tadbrahmeti”.

Know That from which all beings originate, emerge; That in which all beings rest; and That into which all beings finally merge - That is Brahman. - Taittiriya Upanishad  (3.1.1) 5000 BC

Stupid Isaac Newton’s classical objective  science is devoted only to that which is observed by the 5 senses. I wish Newton was around to see the latest Android mobile phone..  

Soon psychology came along, to the process of observation.  But western science like Vedanta  never devoted itself to who's observing, and a science that does not take into account the observer, who is so fundamental to the observation, because without the observer there would be no observation - is an incomplete and mindless science.   We cannot call it a science; unless we include consciousness.   

The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of great seers. The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom wrote down as 5000 BC , that our universe is not woven from matter but consciousness.

mayā tatam idaṁ sarvaṁ, jagad avyakta-mūrtinā
mat-sthāni sarva-bhūtāni, na cāhaṁ teṣv avasthitaḥ

“By Me, in My unmanifested form, this entire universe is pervaded.
All beings are in Me,  but I am not in them.” Bhagawat Gita (9.4) 4000 BC


The ancient seers said, that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it, that  matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable.   7000 years before the hologram was invented Vedanta has written about the holographic universe and the holographic function of the brain.

Swami Vivekananda met super genius Nikola Tesla , in Chicago in 1893, and introduced him to the ZPF, or akasha ( ether )-the all pervasive sky of quantum energy of the universe. Vivekananda  told Tesla that classical science must factor human consciousness in, or be stuck in the mud for ever. 

He introduced him to the wisdom of ancient Vedas , which considers the universe and consciousness as fractal Sri Yantra geometry.  Much later Tesla used to see brilliant blinding flashes of this TOE geometry .

We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident can produce. The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb.  On the subatomic level—mind is over matter. 

Our billions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and traits. If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous process of spiritual evolution. This is something idiot Darwin will never understand , as he did not have the intelligence .

The classical physics of idiot Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable.  Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. 


Stupid Newton pushed consciousness into the realm of religion and mysticism.  Scientists who wanted to factor consciousness in were chucked out of the scientific community and the peer reviewed magazines controlled by free masons made them pariahs.  With the advent of quantum science we now know what great injustice was done.  

This universe is NOT a clockwork as contended by Newton. Newtons classical physics holds good only for what that can be sensed by the 5 human senses, ( like the rotten apple falling on his head ).,  NOT the sub-atomic world.  

There is a deep connection between consciousness and matter.  The quantum double slit experiment has shown that a measured electron can appear either as a particle or a wave, but NOT both at the same time.

Our solar system and the milky way galaxy is just one of several billion in the universe. The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. This means light travels 6 trillion miles in one year. Our own galaxy is 60000 light years from edge to edge, and several light years thick.  

Light from the nearest star Alpha Centauri takes 4.27 light years to  reach the earth. The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get..

As seen by the double slit experiment, we create reality by conscious observation.  Quantum rules does not care for Newton’s third law, which states that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.   Quantum rules dictate that every action has a multitude of reaction possibilities.  


In nature there is nothing like a circle, it can only be a vortex spiral with ever changing evolution—nothing can remain same for ever and till ad-infinitum.


The space between the electrons , which gave free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha or Ether or Zero point field.  

In 8th standard when I asked my science teacher why electrons don’t fly off / fall into the nucleus , OR stop whizzing around in perpetual motion -- he told me to get out of the class- for asking a STUPID question. 

After the class on his way out he tried , staring me down . It is easier said than done.

The morphogenetic consciousness  intelligent field ( brahmAn ) decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit. : Electrons can change position instantly without taking time.  They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus. 

The quantum world  transcends time and space. Virtual particles have free access anywhere , everywhere , everywhen. Since our wolrd is 4 dimensional, the quantum points can arrange themselves in anyway. They get instructions from the transceiver called DNA.

A male and female contributes ½ of the DNA to produce a new born. Consciousness creates our space time. Since quantum stuff reacts to consciousness, the universe is constructed by consciousness. By adding the dimension of time to 3D space, our consciousness is given the ability to evolve. Without change there is NO evolution, hence the vortex spiral. 

The Vedic Maharishis were clairvoyants. Clairvoyance is the ability of one person to "tune in" to another person's field of consciousness and pick up their thoughts – both the conscious and unconscious ones.  And, because the field of consciousness exists in a timeless and spaceless dimension, the clairvoyant can "see" both forward and backward in time .

The Vedas contain the meaning of consciousness. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms. Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe.

The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. Not only is consciousness responsible for the physical universe and its elements-- it is the universe. The field of consciousness contains information about everything that has happened since the dawn of time.




Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.  All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic connections. Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of consciousness.

Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness he ancient

Vedas tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  morphogenetic consciousness field. The Vedas said that all energy is a spiral and that empty space is not empty at all. It is a plenum, containing zero point energy.. 

 Consciousness becomes energy and then transforms to matter. Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter. These atoms are attracted together to form molecules.

Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness .

There is DNA everywhere around you. It remains unchanged for the past 4 billion years.  In your body you have 125 billion miles of DNA, which is 500 billion trips around the earth.   The DNA double helix looks like 2 snakes making love, or rather a twisted rope ladder.  




We are NOT independent from this cosmos. We are part of it.  This is the reason we must live in harmony with the laws of the universe by exercising our free will.  Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old.


Newton’s absolutism broke down at the foundation level of matter.  Stupid Newton’s billiard ball would miss the pocket hole every time at the sub-atomic level.  Newton’s laws  applies only to the macroscopic world, the world which can be detected by our 5 senses.



The least we talk about Darwin in this age of DNA, the better. But such is the control of big brother that we still are forced to learn Darwin’s stupid theory in our schools.  Freemason sponsored Darwin with his bag of dried finch beaks and goodies is the greatest blunder of science. 

The universe is in perfect harmony and balance.  The cosmos is a unified system.  A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole.  Playing around with HAARP and galactic resonance is a dangerous game. 

Matter is NOT a inert substance.  It is conscious and active.  Experts in organic and inorganic chemistry know what I mean.  Matter constantly makes choices for alternate possibilities.

We live in a holographic universe. Our mind is holographic.

The hologram has the power to hold and process enormous amounts of data.  In holography, a three dimensional image of an object is filmed with a laser.  The amazing part is that any part of the holographic picture may be used to recreate the whole image.

Each of the 100 billion cells that make up the body contains the complete version of the original DNA, that was the source of the entire body.  Each part of the holographic picture contains the whole image.  In the holographic theory of the universe, the universe is represented by each component, regardless of the size.

To get the perfect theory of everything TOI, consciousness has to be factored in by science. It will NOT be possible to understand gravity without doing this.  Every atom within us depends on the rest of the cosmos.

This is the basis for Vedic Jyothish or astrology. There are very few real astrologists nowadays, most are pretenders.  The moment a dimwit rationalist in the pay roll of the NWO or the Christian evangelists say that astrology is nonsense the BENAMI media makes him an instant EMINENT INTELLECTUAL.  

He is then allowed to throw shit on Hindusim. 

If you object ,  he will lament on TV that he is being FORCED TO COMMIT INTELLECTUAL SUICIDE. ( TEE HEEE ! )

We know what such MEDIA CREATED INTELLETUALS are worth and what they have done in life .

Unless you follow the laws of the universe you cannot be a good astrologer and read into the akashic field or ZPF.

A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude.

Ordinary electromagnetic waves are transverse waves, while scalar waves are longitudinal.   Strangely these scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world,  but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain.  

All orderliness that we find exhibited in all levels of nature - from the smallest atom, through the living organisms, to the largest cluster of galaxies - is the expression of the infinite orderliness that is contained in consciousness.  Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness.


Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many different images on same surface. Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams.   



Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search. This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap across his face , to force change this angle-- and then he would not want to commit suicide at all.

All spacetime events are conscious: they are conscious of other space time events.  We are made of stardust. Exploding stars are the only way that carbon enters the universe, and our bodies are composed of carbon .

According to Rig Veda the knowledge of the "soul," or the Self of all beings is the prerequisite to the understanding of anything else.

The Upanishads say: "Know that, by which everything is known”. Once we have a glimpse of the omnipresent nature of our consciousness, once we have a glimpse of a field of existence that is indeed the omnipresent source of all that exists, we naturally start to be aware of the interconnectedness of all levels of creation.

Once we have seen the whole, we start to recognize the parts as expressions of the whole. Since the whole is holistic in its nature, its expressions are holistic representations of the whole. Vedas say that Brahman is the consciousness, the Self of all beings.

Thus the ancient Vedic Science corroborates what modern science has discovered,  ( rather vice –versa )  that this omnipresent field of pure Creative Intelligence, which is transcendental in its nature, beyond the level of the Planck scale of 10-33cm, is the ultimate cause, the unmoved mover of everything in creation.

One indivisible wholeness of consciousness is the source of all multiplicity of Creation, and that this one unbounded ocean of consciousness is our own consciousness.

 "Purushyo'yam loka sannidah"    "Man is a miniature universe" --(Charaka Samhita IV).

"Sarvam khalvidam Brahma"     "All this is nothing but Brahman" ---(Chh.Upanishad. 3.14.1).

Consciousness ( BrahmAn ) is the only element in creation that knows itself.   By being in constant interaction with itself, consciousness knows everything about itself.

“Prajnānam brahma”--  " Brahman knows everything ".

Empty space is not empty at all!   The vacuum is actually a plenum. It contains an abundant amount of energy, the zero point energy.

We can tap into the Zero Point Energy field.  Positrons emanate from "the quantum vacuum"  and get annihilated. These are energy oscillations at zero degrees Kelvin, where all activity in an atom ceases.

It is called vacuum energy because it is descriptive of the energy in a perfect vacuum, where no light or matter is present. 

Vedanta is the apex of the knowledge of the Vedic tradition, exactly as Quantum Mechanics and allied fields are the most advanced subjects in Western science.

None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis. Vedanta and modern Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective.  

Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism believes that God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.   Again-- the quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics.

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get. At the level of quantum reality the universe is not made up of things. It is comprised of oscillating fields of energy. 

In the quantum domain everything is interrelated.  Photons and electrons have an ability to shift their form in an instant.  Measured one way they behave as particles. Measured another way they act as waves.

In spiritual dimensions energy is the reality. These energies have different vibrational levels and none are as dense as the physical world.

The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the ancient Maharishis  in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness.  In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.

The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.  Without such space time knowledge it is impossible to record the accurate speed of light in Vedas , 7000 years ago. In Vedic cosmology, the concept of spacetime combines space and time to a single abstract universe

God lives in Time and Space and moves with Time (both are eternal). Heavens, Earth, day and night all serve Time and Time controls All --  (Rig Veda 1-95-7) 5000 BC

The Vedas state that without manifestation of time, the unmanifest material energy cannot become active and take form.

From Time all beings emerge, from Time they advance and grow.  In Time they rest.  Time is embodied and also timeless.   He who knows the entire concept of Time ( kala ) and Space (dis )  know Vedas. (Maitri Upanishad- 4-14-15).-5000 BC

The Sanskrit word for the space/time continuum is Akasha, as told to Nikola Tesla by Vivekananda.  The space  /time continuum is produced from the vibration created by the alternation between infinity and a point at infinite frequency.

Brahma is seen in Ellora caves with 4 heads.  This represents four dimensions of space time, which Albert Einstein lifted from Hindusim. 

Varahamihira the great Astrologer and astronomer from wrote 4600 years ago,  in the opening of his Samhita, “ It has been said in Vedas that the first primeval thing was darkness, which is not identical with the black colour, but a kind of non-existence like the state of a sleeping person.”

Singularity existed before the big-bang. When you have a big bang which created the cosmos, you need to have a black hole singularity too. This is commonsense which Albert Einstein and party ignored despite being very proficient with Indian Vedas. 

Consciousness of time can be likened to a deep hypnosis which causes one to be in sympathy with the various frequencies and pulses of the physical universe.

Our human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer.  As such, it creates not only space, but also time.  When scalar beams charge through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.  

Newton of apple bump on head fame, viewed gravity as an actual force. ( thank god he did not discover gravity ,while on the potty! ).   Stupid Isaac Newtons "isolated systems " are NOT found in nature.

Anybody who has criticized the Vedas, is an enemy of Hinduism and is jealous of ancient India..  Any Indian who gave away our Vedas to the white , blond haired, blue eyed man is a double agent and a traitor.

The Vedas are the crowning glory, strength and sustenance of the wise Hindu race.   It is the Vedas which kept Hinduism alive after 800 years of debilitating slavery.

There is nothing in Hinduism that does not owe its origin and allegiance to the Vedas, directly or indirectly.  Every Hindu's conduct, social carriage  and spiritual attainments have been shaped, and will be shaped in the future by the Vedas.

These sacred texts are the foundation of the Hindu way of life,  and also the support for its evolution.  We are NOT the PAGAN human and animal sacrificing SAVAGES  , as branded by the proselytizing white man to be.  Imagine simple peaceful vegetarians sacrificing animals in temples.

When the warrior caste of the Hindu race failed to save the country from the brutal and cunning invaders, because they were too honourable, it was the Vedas that saved the Indian race from internal dissipation, as had happened in every other country. 

When the bulldozers of freemason driven science started tearing down every religion into meek submission, it was the Vedas that made the Hindus stand in all majesty and with dignity -- unconquered, unscathed. 

And finally, when materialism and its never satiating ally, consumerism, is sucking the globe of its vitality, it is the Vedas that make the Hindus laugh at the greedy and vain monster -- in derision. 

For Vedas has taught us to be happy internally—NOT to run after happiness. Rather happiness must alight on our heads like a butterfly.   Inner happiness is all about equilibrium or dynamic balance between your SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER.  For life is a combination of spiritual, intellectual and physical aspects. 


We Hindus knew that after the game of life, the prince and the pauper goes into the same box.


Dharma imposes on a Hindu discipline more inward than outward .  It allows a man to use his own conscience .  Dharma is the anti thesis of Ayn Rnd’s virtue of selfishness. Dharma requires that man must rise above self and do good for all.

Sanatana Dharma expects you to follow the laws of the universe

Dharma is derived from bliss . not from pathetic pleasure derived by page 3 parties.

It is the dharma of the parents to educate the children they produce.

When Ram goes for vanvaas to the forest , mother Kaushalya tells him -
Yam palayasi dharmam tvam dhrithaya ca niyamena ca Sa vai Raghava-sardula dharmastvamabhiraksatu

" It is dharma alone that will protect you, and this dharma is what you yourself protect with courage and steadfastness. "




In Indian culture when a warrior in Mahabharata went for war, his mother told him only one thing ( after she applied tilak on his forehead with her thumb and the son touched her feet for blessings ) --

SON, REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE , RETURN WITH HONOUR !!.





ONCE YOU ARE IN THERE IS NO WAY OUT, WE WILL KILL YOU.

ONCE YOU EAT IN OUR RESTAURANT , YOU CANT EAT ANYWHERE ELSE- WE WILL KILL YOU.

ONCE YOU JOIN OUR COCAINE DRUG RUNNING GANG, THERE IS NO WAY OUT , WE WILL KILL YOU.



IF YOU LEAVE OUR ROTARY CLUB ALPHA AND JOIN THAT SPLINTER GROUP ROTARY CLUB BETA WHO LEFT US, , WE WILL KILL YOU



IS THERE DHARMA IN APOSTASY ? 


Above: "Secularism " enforced by police ! 

The founding fathers did not add the word SECULAR into our constitution , for they were aware that Hinduism is a tolerant religion which does NOT believe in Inquisitions.

Hinduism has always been a shield of security and freedom for all religious minorities.  Today the word Hindu is associated with a rabid right wing COMMUNAL bigot.    

Whatever happened to all Hindus ( ethnic cleansing by fear )  and temples in Kashmir, Pakistan and Bangladesh ?  

The BENAMI media never talk of this.  

We know how they cry over a Babri Masjid in Ayodhya , rebuilt on a Vishnu avatar Ram  and Varaha temple, at Ayodhya-  the Mecca of the Hindus. The BENAMI media rakes it up every single day after so many years.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/babri-masjid-demolition-mughal-emperor.html

At Godhra , the Muslims drew first blood.  They burnt alive 59 Hindu Karsevaks returning from Ayodhya  in a train compartment, including 25 women and 15 small children.  What will be your feelings if your own father , brother, wife or child was in that train ?

Nobody talks about the 268 innocent Hindus killed by the Muslims during the post Godhra riots.  Today nobody talks about the ( 268+ 59 ) 327 Hindus who were killed.   The BENAMI media presstitutes talk only about the 788 Muslims who were killed .   

Like ISIS , which was created , funded and armed by Zionists , today even the muslims know there is more to the Godhra train burning— FALSE FLAG events are happening every single day in India.. 

Why is hard core Islamic ( sic ) ISIS not even speaking against Jews , leave alone fighting against them ?


Both Pakistan and Bangladesh had officially admitted that more than 1000 hindu temples ( each )were  destroyed in their countries.  The Kashmir Kashmir assembly had admitted that more than 100 Hindu temples were destroyed in Kashmir.  The actual number is more than 310 .

Yet one single Babri Masjid , where worship was stopped long ago, after unearthing a Varaha boar ( PIG ) caused so much hue and cry ?  


This masjid was built by a cruel Islamic invader Babar, (who killed the forefathers and rapes the fore-mothers) of current Muslims ,  after razing to the ground, a most magnificent and HUGE Ram Ayodhya temple.-see foundation below under the masjid.




The white historian has been digging in un-inhabited deserts to unearth ancient Indian history, to get gypsy pottery and mud hut ruins and then to smirk TEE HEEEEE this is the glory of Vedic India --  

Hey,  how about choosing a spot in the mid centers of our ancient cities like Ujjain , Ayodhya , Delhi , Udaipur, Pataliputa etc ?  


OH , I forgot, you are like surgeons who deliberately mistake the heart for the kidney to kill the patient , right !!


Have you seen a single Muslim migrating to Pakistan and Bangladesh?   What is the catch ?
Why are they afraid to migrate to Pakistan.?  

The only reason is that they have peace and security in India , solely because Hindus  are tolerant and secular.

Kerala Muslims HATE working in Saudi Arabia?  Why ?  

 In fact, India is the only country in the world where Muslims are enjoying  democracy due to the fabric of Dharma .  Why did painter Iqbal Hussain try to come back from Qatar and die in India ? 

He know the soil and water of India is holy --the ONLY place on this planet to be so !




Why is Modi pretending to sleep and expecting others to wake him up .  Does he NOT have the political will-nay- guts to rein in the foreign owned rabble rousing media? 


Has a BENAMI Indian front single media house ever shown loyalty to the WATAN till today ?  One pillar of our democracy instead of supporting  , is trying to quake the edifice every single hour .


American historian Will James Durant has written that that Hindus were historically persecuted during Islamic rule of the Indian subcontinent.  He agrees with the figure put by Prof. K.S. Lal, who estimated that between the years 1000 AD and 1500 AD the population of Hindus decreased by 80 million

The Jews keep shouting about their 6 million dead .  If the star of David has 8 points, it would have been 8 million dead.  

Hey ,the Hindus have suffered maximum losses till today .

 90 MILLION HINDUS HAVE BEEN EXTERMINATED .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-genocide.html

American historian Will James Durant has written that that Hindus were historically persecuted during Islamic rule of the Indian subcontinent.  He agrees with the figure put by Prof. K.S. Lal, who estimated that between the years 1000 AD and 1500 AD the population of Hindus decreased by 80 million

Can you ever imagine Hindus starving millions of people to death for petty revenge –yes this was done by the white invader ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html



WHITHER DHARMA ?



India does NOT owe anything including its tolerance and pluralism to the Muslim and Christian invaders .   We owe only to our great Vedic ancient culture and Sanatana dharma.
  
Ancient India has no history of religious violence.  If at all it is written somewhere , it is a LIE cooked up by the white invader .

Example?

Buddhist king Ashoka (304-232 BCE) is ordered killings of 18,000 Jains after someone drew a picture of Buddha bowing at the feet of Mahavira.


ABOVE IS NONSENSE AS KING ASHOKA WHO CONVERTED FROM BAAD BAAAD HINDUISM TO GOODIE GOOD BUDDHISM ,  NEVER EXISTED.


Every incident of violence between Hindus and Buddhists in ancient India was cooked up by  the white invader using Buddhist convert BR Ambedkar. 

When in 1947, Muhammad Ali Jinnah became the first Governor General of Pakistan and the new border was demarcated, gigantic riots broke out between Hindus and Muslims. 

These was created and fuelled by Rothschild the owner of British East India Company , as Muslims in India refused to go to Pakistan.   FALSE FLAG attacks were done by Jew bribed groups, throwing dead pigs into mosques and cow heads into temples.


Pseudo secularism is the reason why there is Christian evangelist sponsored terrorism by Naxals in the RED corridor and separatists in NE. 

The BENAMI main stream media is involved in a unique type of CULTURAL TERRORISM..  We know to who all Rothschild handed over his media and fixed assets when he left India in 1947 – to be just BENAMI media owners and business fronts . Nothing changes business ran as usyual using these JUDASfronts whose GOG is money , who have NO loyalty to the WATAN.

They are tripping over each other to hammer into the psyche of the Hindu community that they are responsible for everything bad happening to the minorities in the country , by way of FALSE FLAG ATTACKS done by Trojan Horse NEW WORLD ORDER funded NGOs.. 

Why am I writing all this?  

To establish Dharma you have to expose the ADHARMA . 

To learn you have to unlearn first.


Dharma is subtle and  a pathless land.  Sanata Dharma has never written a single holy book created by a mortal messiah , like a Zionist company manual — DO THIS— DON’T EVER DO LEST YOU FACE SEVERE CONSEQUENCES ( judgement day threats ) –

We have been taught to love god , NOT fear god-- even ferocious forms like Kali / Durga ( which are cosmic allegories BLACK HOLE  )

You will need to free yourself from the usual conditioned responses. The process of unlearning, and shedding obsolete snakeskins ,  is about liberation or freedom from the conditioning or from the known.

Before accepting Dharma you have to let go Adharma.  This is like a physical casting off of inner clothing- NOT snake skins.  


The illiterate and bigots of the future are not those that cannot read or write. They are those that cannot ( or are unable to by apostasy laws ) learn, unlearn, relearn.—and who are die hard supporters of the dog eared standard operations book or single holy book or whatever. 

We all have a conscience programmed into our DN unless you are a psychopath killer or a homosexual preying on babies.


The BENAMI Indian TV have NEW WORLD ORDER payroll perception molders on prime time, in the form of Rothschild commies , who depict a Hindu as clown worth ridicule.   

Hindu gods are lampooned.  

Aspersions are constantly cast at the logic of Hindu  festivals.  Sorry, there is NOT a single superstition in Hinduism other than what was injected into it by FAKE Hindu mutts created by the white invader. 

There are only FOUR original Hindu mutts. There were NO additional Hindu mutts during foreign Islamic rule.  All FAKE mutts were created and back dated by the white invader .

The BENAMI media asks for a ban on firecrackers on Diwali as the Himalayan glaciers are melting.   

Hindus are sent on a guilt trip even when they want to celebrate.  If we play Holi with a few litres of water, we are wasting water-never mind the luxury swimming pools, the golf courses and the lawns .

We are asked NOT to cremate the dead to adding to the Global warming ( HOAX ). 

They want Hindus to bury the dead and go against the FIRST tenet of Sanatana Dharma – do NOT pollute the earth after you have passed on. 

Fire burns without pollution. Burial poisons the underground aquifers and prions erode the brains of even the baby in the womb.   

India is NOT a desert nation.


Dharma is subtle , and needs evaluation using conscience.  Imagine a computer engineer who cannot unlearn his antique MS DOS software in his head.  

Dharma positively feeds itself- and we use our consciousness and conscience .  

All this is beyond the intelligence of a dimwit and hedonist JOHN GALT  white invader .


There are some religions which were very relevant in ancient days , just to survive .  But today with modern law systems in place like police / judiciary etc  they are irrelevant.

What might have once been a WISE way, can become a disruptive way today .  Why would you want 4 wives today ?  

Mind you , even Namboodiri eldest sons were allowed 4 wives, to procreate and produce Namboodiris  .  

The younger Namboodiri brothers who were disinherited of land ( to prevent SUBDIVISION AND FRAGMENTATION OF LAND –India’s NOo 1 problem today ) were allowed as many mistresses he wanted . 

Their progeny became a new race called Nairs. Today which Namboodiri does this ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/cultural-wisdom-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Most ridiculous and lengthy AGAMA RITUALS invented by the FAKE mutts created by the white invader to DIVIDE AND RULE must now be stopped.

Even in life , our ingrained habit of planning  in a particular way may have to worked wonderfully well in the past, but unknown to us, it has become a primary cause of our inability to adapt to changes in our context.  

HINDU DHARMA ALLOWS US SPACE TO DO THIS—TO MAKE REVISIONS IN LIFE  -

Our Hindu Dharma has never allowed any outdated practice to be ingrained --  to create false comfort zones, addictions, hiding places of denial and self-protection. This is why we never had a single holy book and a single messiah.

The Bhagwad Gita was used to swear an oath in court before a judge by the white invaders decree.


The whole world admired Sanatana Dharma due to its eternal spiritual values and the admission of Dharma based on conscience into your life.

Purana stories guide us.

Even Panchatantra guides us.

I once saved by ship and crew by the moral of a Panchatantra story about the wind and the mountain. Read the post below— this may give you more wisdom than this entire post.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/super-panchatantra-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

Sanatana Dharma is the only religion whichdoes NOT allow you to be hemmed in like a wheel-rut on a dirt road.

Our Dharma does NOT allow us to be hooked on by FAKE Gurus , who milk Hinduism and who have been hijacked by THE NEW WORLD ORDER – rewarded by hundreds of branches in foreign countries. 

Hindusim does NOT allow messiahs . 

Hinduism does NOT have a POPE concept.

TRIPLE SRI Ravsishankar was very upset when the US President Obama did NOT see  him. 

Listen Triple Sri, we Hindus do NOT accept you as our spokesman –not in a million years. 

We have heard you telling on TV that homosexuality is allowed in Hinduism and the 9th avatar of Vishnu Lord Ayyappa ( deleted by the white invader and Buddha inserted ) was created out of a homosexual union between Shiva and Vishnu.





Sanatana Dharma asks you to BE IN THE MOMENT.  Our dharma does NOT allow us to stare into the rearview mirror of life. All we are allowed is to give darting glances for course adjustments based on dharma hard wired into your consciousness / programmed into your DNA by our amazing Vedic culture .

I know more about culture than ALL my readers by sheer virtue of my worldwide experience. I has united nations crew on my ships. I never let my rules for the ship interfere with culture unless it was a case of safety and nuisance value.

Before 7000 BC , India ruled the whole world. We never stole like the Islamic invader and white invader - we only gave.  Our best export is PRAYER and CULTURE.

Often our ability to see something, to appreciate its true nature, is skewed or hidden by the judgement we give it, the pigeon-hole we have prepared for it.   It is a uphill task to make them appreciate the need to just see something without judgement or assumption  . 

Old ingrained habits that do not serve us take time to break and some may never be broken.

Behind the fears live the memories that gave rise to them . The cat who fell in hot water is circumspect with cold water too. 

We cannot disprove our past or invalidate our memories. We go back and work gently with what happened, see the memories afresh and hopefully find the strength necessary to free ourselves from their power.

It is painful to unlearn those deep, hidden and sometimes painful patterns that mask and influence the way we do things. 

Ultimately, we have to acknowledge that it is not our methods, strategies, tools or techniques which define the core and quality of our development practice, but ourselves  our past, our present and our future, and the will we can find to face these.

Hinduism has appreciated alien culture in terms of itself.

We Hindus know that what is moral in our culture might be immoral or ethically neutral in another .

Culture is that complex whole -- which is a potpourri of language, ideas, beliefs, customs, codes, institutions, tools, techniques, art, rituals, knowledge, morals ,law, habits , folktales , values, conventions, ceremonies etc etc --- snowballed by man as a member of the society.

The use of culture depends upon an ability for rational or abstract possessed by humans alone.  Animals dont have it. Sanatana Dharma derived wisdom from wildlife. Indian forests had the most number of wild life species—tigers, peacocks, rhinos, elephants  etc

Culture could be a logical construct, or a psychic defense mechanism or even an abstraction from behaviour.  Dharma enables us to discriminate bad behavior.

Culture it flows down through time from one generation to another. it is the most highly developed means of promoting freedom from worry and continuity of life, in a series that began with the simple reflex.

Man's immediate prehuman ancestors had societies, but they did not have culture.

It can cause a person to die of hunger, though nourishment is available, because some foods are branded unclean by the culture. and it can cause a person to disembowel or shoot himself to wipe out a stain of dishonour.

Culture is stronger than life and stronger than death.  Culture triumphs over death and offers man eternal life.

On my ship I never allowed cultures to be  graded as higher and lower, superior or inferior. If someone persisted , I gave him PAIN.

The white man imposed his decadent culture on Indians once he started ruling us. 

Today Pickle Johns and Chutney Marys and wannabe goragaands don’t scrape their tongue after brushing their teeth.  They don’t use water after  a crap.  

They use toilet paper—just aping the white man, who he thinks is superior.

In hot countries we know how E Coli can spread where the anus remains moist unlike cold freezing countries.

Have you ever tried washing your bottom with freezing water.

Try it today .

Take a bottle of freezing water from your fridge and wash your anus. Check out how you brain shuts down.

A culture is a time tested means to an end-- the culture ( or way of life ) of the more highly developed nation is “imposed” upon the less developed peoples .

RESPECT CULTURE--


Sanatana Dharma allows you to CHANGE so that you could be IN THE MOMENT.

You are allowed to  get down to your FREE WILL  and to consciously face problems in life and turn it around in a honourable manner .  It is  about honestly and courage and a process or journey towards that..

Our Dharma does NOT ask you to be a COWARD where you look on helplessly when your 12 year old daughter is getting raped in front of you.


WE HAVE OUR LEADERS BRAINWASHING US “ GANDHIJI  NE CHAKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZADI DILWAYA !”

Sorry, we Indians will NOT ghumao charkha and give LOBE – nay- love when Chinese invade India.
We will do what the Bhagawad Gita told us !



GANDHI AND MARTIN LUTHER KING JR WERE CREATED BY ROTHSCHILD FOR A PURPOSE .  



MARTIN LUTHER KING JR WAS A GOOD ORATOR, BUT HE DID NOT HAVE BRAINS. 

Below: Gandhi topi donned black stooges of the white Jew standing behind while this Rothschild stooge spAke--I HAVE A DREAM !


ALL HIS QUOTES AND SPEECHES HAVE BEEN WRITTEN BY ZIONISTS .

IS IT FAIR TO KILL A SHIVA WORSHIPER WHO WAS SEEN IN A VISHNU TEMPLE ? 



WHEN YOU RUSH OUT OF A TEMPLE AFTER THURSDAY PRAYERS, AND KILL INNOCENT PEOPLE ENMASSE , WHAT IS THE PRAYER SESSION ABOUT ?


WHEN YOU WRAP BIGOTRY IN PRAYER, WHERE IS DHARMA ?


Above: Door to door salesmen type selling religion.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/mormons-bankrolled-by-rothschild-capt.html

WE ALL HAVE ACCEPTED THE RELIGION OUR PARENTS CHOSE FOR THEMSELVES BY OWN CHOICE,  BY FEAR OF SWORD ,  BY GREED OF  SOPS , BY BIRTH  - OR WHATEVER.  

DO YOU HAVE A FREE WILL AND AN INFORMED CHOICE , BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT VULNERABLE AND YOU ARE FREE  ?




Dharma is NOT about donating for charity only when cameras are running and  focused or the donation list comes in a newspaper

Most of the time people do evil to cover up yesterdays evil. There is a cascade effect.

In Hinduism couples are bonded by love and sense of eternal belonging . The wife knows for sure , just because she became fat or developed a paunch , her husband is NOT gonna desert her .


Man is the only living creature who can control or change his life. He is not a slave to his surroundings or at the mercy of nature.

Sanatana Dharma tempers a man’s excessive desires and the need to keep up with the Joneses.
Jealousy has the power to destroy.  There is no greater punishment than the primal emotion of jealousy,  for it is the most potent cause of unhappiness.  

Jealousy causes negative feelings and misery which corrode your innards like rust to iron.  When you get jealous overtakes you , you drink poison and wait for the other person to die.

Satanana Dharma catalyzes a Hindu to believe in himself as he feels guided by a superior force.  This creates confidence. A self-confident person is incapable of jealousy at all.  Be confident. Every power play attacker enjoys seeing fear in the victim.

People whose jealousy can be kindled are insecure neurotics.  Jealousy makes you feel needlessly miserable and insecure.   Jealousy consists of negative feelings, revolving around   fear and anxiety over an anticipated loss .  When you compare yourself to others , it will lead to destructive thinking.

Have you noticed how people go on Facebook and feel miserable.  For all and sundry are waxing lyrical of ZE good life.  Nobody complains on Facebook  that she has PMS migraine or that he bled a glass of blood from his piles or their child failed in class or takes hallucinatory drugs .

They have put in rosy pictures of their fancy holidays , how great a party they held with hundreds of cheering well wisher friends , how their child came first in some bullshit event , the expensive diamond ring presented by the husband ( it would be a fake actually ) ,  how loving and smart their pet dog is , their new SUV, their dream promotion at the work place- the drinks are on me -- BLAH BLAH.    

You start comparing and this plays up in your chattering mind.  Everybody in your circle is having a fabulous time but you. 

Jealousy surfaces and they feel frustrated with their own lot. . And believe me , they are comparing themselves with their true friends and relatives— and they are supposed to feel good at their “success” instead of turning green with envy . 



 They get depressed , and short changed at being forced by destiny to take in the short end of the stick,  not knowing that everything on Facebook is sugar coated. Facebook is a forum where you give others the power to make you jealous and feel miserable. Unless you are ze guy who holds 3 aces all the while.

Jealousy is the religion of the mediocre. It comforts them, it soothes their worries, and finally it rots their souls, allowing them to justify their meanness and their greed,  until they believe these to be virtues. The fenced-in dog always barks at the one running free.

Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion. When you are jealous you count the other fellow's blessings instead of your own, and lose your peace of mind—rather burn up inside.. It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered. The sure mark of one born with noble qualities, is being born without envy. 

Of the seven deadly sins, only envy aint no fun at all.

HINDUISM GIVES YOU A MINDSET , -- COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS, NOT YOUR SORROWS.  THIS IS THE REASON WHY A HINDUS THOUGH HE IS POOR HE IS HAPPY.

Self worth comes with self appreciation. Celebrate the positives in your own life .  No matter what your situation is, youmust  have few things that many people don't have.  You can actively think about the great things that are in your life.  

At least you must be healthy.   Sit down and be grateful for your good health at least. Cultivate an attitude of gratitude.  Only fools live in the past or carry envy to the present.

When jealous behavior goes completely haywire, it can erupt into aggression and possibly turn violent. . In Hinduism, envy is a disastrous emotion.  

Hinduism maintains that anything which causes the mind to lose balance with itself , leads to misery.  

Envy cannot coexist with truth and spiritual wisdom.



yasman no 'dvijate loko lokan no 'dvijate ca yah harsamarsabhayodvegair mukto yah sa ca me priyah 


One who does not envy but is a compassionate friend to all ... such a devotee is very dear to Me. - Lord Krishna in Bhagavad Gita, Chapter 12, Verse 15. 4000 BC


Shivoham
September 19, 2015 at 12:52 PM
Hi capt,

Suppose a person have accumulated only good karma through good deeds/morality,Isn't he eligible only for heaven and not moksha?Since Moksha requires NIL(neither positive nor negative) karmic baggage? Is it advisable for that person to do wrong deeds to nullify it?

Does morality leads to moksha?

My conscience WAS totally f****d up reading Osho. I am unlearning all his concepts on morality and others too.


ReplyDelete
Replies
####################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 19, 2015 at 3:03 PM
hi s,

THERE IS GOD INSIDE EVERY LIVING THING --AS A BALL OF ENERGY KNOWN AS SOUL.

THIS  SOUL IS A SPLINTER PART OF BRAHMaN ( GOD )-- THIS IS WHY WE DO NAMASTE.

WE PROTECT THE PLANTS AND ANIMALS.

THERE IS NO HEAVEN IN HINDUISM—

THERE IS NO HELL IN HINDUISM.

WHEN YOU GET MOKSHA - YOUR SOUL MERGES BACK NAY REUNITES WITH THE SUPREME CREATOR ( THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD ).

NOW YOU ARE REFINED AND YOU HAVE MERGED BACK WITH THE ORIGINAL FIELD CALLED VAIKUNTA.

YOU ARE NOW GOD.

SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA IN 2000 BC , NO HINDU HAS UNDERSTOOD SANATANA DHARMA.

YOU ARE GIVEN CHANCES TO LESSEN YOUR KARMIC BAGGAGE ONCE YOU BECOME HUMAN.   THIS IS WHY GOD HAS GIVEN YOU FREE WILL.

GOD DOES NOT PUNISH ANIMALS WITH BAD KARMA-- AS ANIMALS BEHAVE ON PURE SURVIVAL INSTINCTS.

ONCE YOU BECOME HUMAN YOU DO NOT GO BACK TO BEING AN ANIMAL BY BAAD KARMA.

IT IS OBVIOUS ALL ARE NOT BORN EQUAL— SOME ARE BRAINY AND HANDSOME,  SOME ARE UGLY AND RETARDED .    

OBVIOUSLY THERE IS A DIVINE REASON FOR THIS , RIGHT ?

NEXT IN LINE TO BECOME HUMAN ARE A HANDFUL OF CONSCIOUS MAMMALS WHO CAN SEE IN COLOUR AND WHO CAN PASS THE MIRROR TEST.

YOUR DOG OR CAT DOES NOT SEE COLOUR- THEY CANNOT SEE THEMSELVES IN A MIRROR.

INDIAN ELEPHANTS IN TEMPLES, DOLPHINS, BONOBOS  etc CAN PASS COLOUR AND MIRROR TEST.

THERE ARE APES AND GORRILLAS WHO PASS PARTIALLY.

THIS IS EVOLUTION.

NOT THE WAY ROTHCHILD STOOGE MAD MAN CHARLES DARWIN ENVISAGED.

WE ALL WERE BORN WITH IN THE SAME MICROSECOND ,  WITH THE STARS . WHAT YOU SEE IN THE MIRROR IS NOT YOU, YOU ARE YOUR SOUL . . .

YOU GRANDFATHER , YOU, AND YOUR GRANDSON WAS BORN AT THE SAME MICRO SECOND!

WHEN YOU DIE, AND IF YOU HAVE NOT GOT MOKSHA YOUR SOUL IS PARKED ON ANY OF THE BOTTOM 6 ASTRAL LAYERS-- CORRESPONDING TO THE LOWEST 6 CHAKRAS  

NOW FAKE GURUS WHO PEEK INTO MY BLOGS DAILY--WILL REPACKAGE IT AND PATENT IT --AND MILK HINDUISM.

capt ajit vadakayil






Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 20, 2015 at 8:57 PM
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Eight-year-old-girl-donates-her-savings-to-drought-hit-farmers/articleshow/49035435.cms

WHAT DO YOU CALL PEOPLE WHO SEEK PUBLICITY FOR CHARITY ?

IS THERE DHARMA IN THIS ?

MY WIFE HAS NEVER TOLD ANYBODY INCLUDING ME ABOUT HER CHARITY?

WHEN YOU DONATE AND GET GENERATE FAATHU PUBLICITY FOR YOURSELF , WHO ARE YOU ?

DO I NEED TO GO THE THE CM OF KERALA TO DONATE ?

Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody is watching— if a camera is whirring , I will wait for it to stop before i donate. i have NEVER allowed my name to come in a donation list .

What type of parent will take his 8 year old daughter to the CM with cock and bull stories-- Joshi is chitpavan.

In a few years time vested forces will make that 8 year old child a student leader, then an MLA, then an MP and finally a minister.

CHARACTER IS WHAT YOU ARE-- REPUTATION IS WHAT YOU GOT OTHERS TO THINK OF YOU.

rajnikanth is one guy who NEVER told anybody how much he gave for charity.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/12/rajinikanth-living-legend-beyond.html

INTEGRITY IS ABOUT VALUES, NOT FAALTHU PERSONAL ETHOS GAIN.

HOW MANY OF YOU WILL ALLOW YOUR 8 YEAR OLD CHILD TO GO TO THE CM WITH HER PIGGY BANK ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Eldose Mani
September 20, 2015 at 8:43 PM
Sir , previous buzz word "lokayuktha" has any relation to lokayuth in the charvaka branch of nastika darshanam???

ReplyDelete
Replies
######################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 20, 2015 at 9:40 PM
hi em,

Another name for Charvaka ( Rothschild’s creation ) is Lokayata.

It is about belief that there is NO creator god and hedonism – apna unbridled pleasure first-

Vedic philosophy is ASTIKA – this is just the opposite pole.

Using Lokayata Rothschild converted both Buddhists and Jains to ATHEISTS—using a FAKE and back dated AJIVIKA SCHOOL OF PHILOSOPHY.

AJIVIKA doctrine pooh poohed the KARMA concept and FREE WILL , where you forge the hinges of destiny on your terms – basic Vedic philosopy.

AJUVIKA is based on destiny—no matter how much good you do , your destiny is NOT in your hands—you cannot lessen your karmic baggage –as there is NO karma thingy.

They LIED that good and honest living is NOT gonna do you any good- and taught you to be selfish and materialistic. Basically John Galt philosophy.

ROTHSCHILD INJECTED AJIVIKA PHILOSOPY IS BOTH BUDDHIST AND JAINIST TEXTS AND MADE THEM ATHEISTS.

The white invader lied that both Buddha and Mahavira were influenced by Makkhali Gosala ( who never existed ).

The AJIVIKA nonsense was injected from the Sri Lankan side and Rothschild used BR Ambedkar to spread this when he converted to Buddhism himself along with lakhs of Dalit Mahars.

The Opium drug running Jain agents of Rothschild took care of injecting Makkali Ghosala into Jainism quoting a FAKE Bhagavati Sutra.

The white historian has put Mahavira as a contemporary of Buddha at 599 BC. This is wrong .
First of all Mahavira was just a reformer. He was the 24th Thirtankara . Mahavira was born in 4500 BC.

The white Christian invader has called Lord Mahavira as the founder of Jainism. This is absolutely wrong.

Emperor Rishabha ( Adinath ) , the father of Chakravatri Bharata is the founder of Jainism in 8190 BC, and is the first Thirthankara.

The white invader has placed Lord Buddha at 563 BC. Actually Buddha was born much earlier in 1900 BC.

Rothschild used his FAKE Kanchi mutt to introduce Ghoshala PRAAJI into AGAMA Tamil texts – they created FAKE mythology NILA KECHI , having Okkali and Okali . TEE HEEE !

Rothschild injected LOKAYATA into Chanaya’s Arthashastra.

Nobody in India heard of CHARVAKA philosophy till the white invader came to India.

Rothschild created and back dated the FAKE purandaraDASA for this.

R injected CHARVAKA into Ramayana where Jabali tries to persuade Rama to be selfish
Rothschild got his historians to write that Maharishi Brihaspati is the founder of Charvaka/ Lokayat philosophy. R created and back dated the FAKE Sarvasiddhantasamgraha for this.

Let me quote Mahrishi Brihaspati , the class mate of Shukracharya in the FAKE creation of R Sarvasiddhantasamgraha ---
“Chastity and other such ordinances are laid down by clever weaklings; gifts of gold and land, the pleasure of invitations to dinner, are devised by indigent people with stomachs lean with hunger. The building of temples, houses for water-supply, tanks, wells, resting places, and the like, please only travelers, not others. The Agnihotra ritual, the three Vedas, the triple staff, the ash-smearing, are the ways of gaining a livelihood for those who are lacking in intellect and energy. The wise should enjoy the pleasures of this world through the more appropriate available means of agriculture, tending cattle, trade, political administration, etc”

SO HEY, HINDU WOMEN—ALL OF YOU ROAM AROUND NAKED AND GET SCREWED BY ALL MEN YOU SEE ON THE STREET !

To cement the existence of the FAKE Creation Ghosala PRAAJI , Rothschild histrorains have injected him in Greek texts.

Want proof ?

Read the book Gore Vidal CREATION.

You have no idea how much Rothschild and his stooge Hindu Mutts screwe Hinduism.

I feel bad while typing this. I must take a bath now !

Capt Ajit Vadakayil

..



Trinity
September 20, 2015 at 9:48 PM
Respected Sir,
Sir the Mahabharata war has a number of instances of adharma in it.
how can we interpret these episodes dharmically when the Bhagawad Gita talks about one's dharma?
thank you

ReplyDelete
Replies
######################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 20, 2015 at 10:27 PM

hi t,

vishnu avatars ram and krishna participated in two wars.

their jobs were NOT to fight a war.

VISHNU HAS A TASK OF KILLING THE RE-BIRTH MORTALS OF JAYA AND VIJAYA - HIS BELOVED GATE KEEPERS -- THRICE.

3- Varaha (the boar- to kill reborn Jaya or Hiranyaksha )

4. Narasimha (the human-lion- to kill reborn Vijaya or Hiranyakashipu )

7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha- to kill reborn Jaya/ Vijaya or Ravana and Kumbhakarna)

8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman- to kill reborn Jaya /Vijaya or Shishupala and Dantavakra )

krishna has a greater HIDDEN responsibility of killing 100 test tube babies- kauravas.

BOTH RAM AND KRISHNA COULD WIN THE WARS BEFORE THE WAR STARTED.

BUT THE EARTHLY AVATARS LET LIFE PLAY OUT ITS NATURAL COURSE.

Vali picked up Sugriva by his feet to smash his head on a rock . Sugriva cried out in terror and Rama swiftly dispatched an arrow through Vali’s chest from behind., with the arrow head sticking out from front. 

Vali lay mortally wounded but NOT dead. 

Queen Tara , Vali's beautiful and chaste wife came running and cradled Vali's head in her lap .

“Rama!” Vali gasped . “How could you do this? The gods had judged rightly in this matter, declaring me the victor—but you have now interfered with justice. Who will now wear the badge of Maryada Purush in this world, when you have thrown it away so lightly?”

“When I am not your enemy, why do you have to kill me. I would have helped you to retrieve Sita from Ravana , without a fight , if you had only asked me”

“I was fighting with some other person and was not careful enough when you shot me. In the end, O virtuous Rama, you have taken the life of a person who had done you no wrong,”

Tara cries “what use is my son, or kingdom, or my life to me when the great Vali my dear husband is dead” “ O dear husband , this sharp arrow head is hindering me from embracing you”.

Tara requested Rama to send her to her husband's place with the same arrow which killed him. Rama consoled her and said, "Wives of great heroes never sink into despair."

"You will get paramount appeasement as before, and your son will become the crown prince, God has ordained destiny only in that way. Wives of the valiant ones will not mourn emotionally."

Lord Rama said “O Vali, if you still feel that I have wronged you than I can give you back your life right now.”

When Rama showed Vali his vishwaroopam, Vali realized in an instant that Vishnu was moving in a pre-ordained manner to liberate his beloved Jaya , the doorkeeper of Vaikunta ( Ravana )

Vali cried “My dear Lord, I’ll get many lives, but a death like this when will I get again. To die in Your presence is the greatest fortune and it is a perfection of life. I seek only that I can behold Your face and die in your presence.”

Vali said that when someone has Rama’s approval, he can rule any kingdom, and so enemy brother Sugriva, who has Rama’s blessings, would make a good king –better than his own son Angada. 

Vali, then removed his own necklace, which was given to him by Indra, a source of his power, not to his own son, Angada, but to Sugriva.

CONTINUED TO 2-



CONTINUED FROM 1-

Before giving that necklace Vali told his son, 'don’t bear any animosity against Sugriva or Rama because they have not killed me. It is my own Karma that has caused my death. Please serve Sugriva as you have served me and please serve Lord Rama as The Supreme Lord.' 

Vali requests Rama to take care that Tara is not insulted and advises Sugriva to unquestioningly follow her advice. Vali dies in the embraces of Tara, who mourns his death in a painful manner.

Sugriva suddenly starts moaning at this sudden turn of events. He cried copius tears “ I am a sinner, I don’t deserve Kishkinda”

If Queen Tara was NOT careful there would be a blood bath and revolution. The powder keg was there, all it needed was a spark in the form of an abuse. Everything her husband Vali built would be ripped asunder. 

Tara suddenly turned into a statesman showing amazing presence of mind ( with Rama watching ) as if trying to stabilize the kingdom after King Vali's death . 

She declared to the onlooking confused and angry citizens "With his last breath, King Vali begs you, his faithful subjects, to follow his brother Sugriva as your rightful king." 

Extraordinary Tara continued “The gods have used Rama as their instrument to perform their judgement in this matter. Long live Rama the Righteous One!” 

The crowd erupted in cheers and applause.

They began to chant the name of their new king: “Long live King Sugriva!”

Queen Tara had stabilised her beloved husband's kingdom.

Angada cremated Vali, aided in the funeral rites by Tara and Sugriva.

THE WHITE HISTORIANs MIND IS SO PETTY THAT HE INJECTED POSION INTO A GREAT EPIC. RAM WAS MARYADA PUSRUSH. HE DID BOT KICK HIS PREGNANT WIFE INTO THE FOREST .

Vishnu took another avatar to advise Hindus— maryada or no maryada – DO NOT BE A COWARD-- BE IN THE MOMENT-- DO YOUR DUTY .

NO GHUMAAOING CHARKHA , WHEN AN EVIL FOREIGN INVADER IS RAPING YOUR WIFE AND DAUGHTER !

Capt ajit vadakayil
..



Eldose ManiSeptember 20, 2015 at 10:08 PM
Sir, can we take the samudra manthan(second avathar) as a microscale allegory of churning the penial gland inside us to produce DMT. One side holding the five heads of vasuki (sense organs)by asuras and the weak tail portion by devas? Sir I have personaly felt that, when reaching the cross roads (pratyahara) there is an immense pressure to choose the road ahead.( between (good and halahala..) ( your blogs where immensely helpful for me and I guess I am on the right path havin . an ok grahastham:)))
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 20, 2015 at 10:57 PM
hi em,

the fact that churner dash meru is a mountain 85 times the diameter of earth high-- and it is supported by vishnu avatar kurma ( tortoise on its back ), churned by 5 headed snake vasuki as a churner rope , helf by 54 asuras and devas , pulling to and fro ---

--shows that it is indeed a cosmic allegory.

on the macro scale the poison vomitted by vasuki polymerises the surface of the cosmic ocean and shiva drinks up this poisonous halala.

Finally Lord Dhanwantari ( the God of Ayurveda ) rose from the bottom of the ocean, and in his arms were four priceless objects- a pot of amrit, and three other by products --a Sudarsana Chakra, Conch , a leech.

CONCH-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/secrets-of-shankh-or-conch-product-of.html

LEECH :-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/edward-jenner-leech-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

SUDARSHANA CHAKRA is a scalar howitzer used by krishna to cause the sun to dip below the horizon during the war to kill jayadrata -plus many other evil entities.

AMRIT - is ambrosia . this refers to the mind.

TO and FRO movements by devas / asuras are VIBRATIONS -- all energy is a vibration.

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field.

A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk DNA can produce amrit naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation.

The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) which resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers.

Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc

DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit.

DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. ( asuras caught the wrong end of the 5 headed snake )

Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena

Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head. All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil
..




Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 21, 2015 at 2:21 AM

Raja Ram Mohan Roy was a Muslim.

Pir Ali muslims were opportunist Hindus who converted to Islam during Moghal rule. He was an Opium drug running partner of Rothschild.

Dwaraknath Tagore ( Rabindranath Tagore’s grandfather ) was a Pir Ali Muslim—masquerading as a Brahmin.

No decent Hindi family would give their sons of daughters in marriage.

He made his money in the Opium drug running business with Rothschild. At one time Dwaraknath’s palace was the most opulent palace in Bengal.

Both these crypto Hindus wrecked Hinduism with false charges of SATI, animal sacrifice etc.

Both started Brahmo Samaj in 1828, to screw Hinduism.

Pir Ali muslims were the main members. They ran down Rama, Krishna, Vedas , temples,doctrine of Karma and re-birth , discared all Hindu pujas and started Christian rituals,

Both paid the price of messing around with R—both died in England after paying back the embezzled amount –leaving Debendranath Tagore with very little money . .

Raja Ram Mohan Roy knew what was in store for him . He sold all his palaces and fixed assets before going to England , to pay back stolen money— he left only Simla House behind .
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/opium-raja-british-stooge-ram-mohan-roy.html
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/opium-drug-running-tagore-family-capt.html

Rabindranath Tagore deleted his grandfather from Bengal history.

Today there are people like ex-CJI Markanday Katju ( ex-chairman of Press Council of India ) who call Raja Ram Mohan Roy —a GOD.

http://justicekatju.blogspot.in/2015/09/i-refuse-to-worship-false-gods-friend.html

Dwaraknath Tagore owned Sonagachi—the biggest whorehouse in Calcutta . The child prostitute boys/ girls catering only to elite .

Later the white invader took over the biggest brothels in Bombay ( Kamatipura ) and Calcutta ( including the one at Munshi Gali ).

The white invader ridicules Hindus of running prostitution and animal sacrifices in temples 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html

Capt Ajit Vadakayil
..






राजेश सिंह रावत
September 21, 2015 at 8:13 AM
Dear Sir, please see the link below. It does not appear our policy going well towards organic farming.. moreover, what is your opinion on Dr. Vandana Shiva NGO Navdanya

http://www.mintpressnews.com/indias-government-increasingly-embraces-gmos-despite-high-rate-of-farmer-suicides/208663/

ReplyDelete
Replies
##########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2015 at 11:19 AM
hi rs,

GM MUSTARD SEEDS ARE ALSO KNOWN AS RAPE SEEDS/ CANOLA -- THIS GM OIL IS EXTREMELY HARMFUL FOR HUMAN HEALTH.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/coconut-oil-is-good-for-cooking-ignore.html
  
CANOLA is a marketing term. It stands for Canadian Oil ( CANada Oil, Low Acid).

95% of the world’s canola crop is genetically modified and it has caused low fertility and caused children to score low grades in school. mind you these are the same people who put flouride in US tap water.

Canola oil molds quickly and inhibits enzyme function

GM Mustard oil is VERY high in polyunsaturated fats, which are very sensitive to high heat Indian cooking --and it becomes abound with FREE RADICALS which wrench away an electron from your body cells -- a cascade effect.

Like most highly refined oils, canola oil is VERY low in essential nutrients.

Eating a lot of canola oil would raise your intake of polyunsaturated fats to unnatural levels, much higher than we were exposed to throughout evolution

These fatty acids do get incorporated into cell membranes and are prone to oxidation, which can cause free radical chain reactions and damage important molecules like proteins and DNA.

It is this type of DNA damage which has caused decadent behavior and homosexuality in the west.

The high Omega-3 content of canola oil is NOT even worth bragging about.The omega-3 fatty acids of processed canola oil are transformed during the deodorizing process into trans fatty acids.

The reason why canola is particularly unsuitable for consumption is that it contains a very-long-chain fatty acid called erucic acid, which under some circumstances is associated with fibrotic heart lesions.

Doctored studies sponsored by EVIL PHARMA claims that canola oil lowers total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels.

Sorry, cholesterol levels are just a a risk factor, not necessarily a cause of disease. And canola oil consumption raises your triglycerides instead of lowering --a WHITE LIE.

Canola depletes vitamin E.

Canola increases the rigidity of membranes, which trigger degenerative diseases and allergy.

Canola's has high sulfur content, it goes rancid easily, which can exacerbate allergies and compound problems for people with bronchial or asthmatic issues.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/allergy-overkill-response-of-squeamish.html


People with dengue must NOT take even a teaspoon of GM mustard oil (Canola ) as it lowers platelet count. On the other hand one teaspoon of tender papaya leaf juice increases the blood platelet content in a few hours .( 6000 year old ayurvedic remedy ).

Canola leaves no foul taste when it's spoiled, so it's hard to tell if you're eating rancid and harmful erucic acid. The goodness of VIRGIN COCONUT OIL is in the fact that your smell sense warns you if the oil is rancid .

FDA allows food manufacturers to use the label saying "no trans fats." ( extremely harmful for heart ) -- which is a CRIME towards humanity- there is NO safe level -- like aluminium/ lead/ mercury.

THE JEWS HAVE CHRONS DISEASE IN THEIR GENES--LIKE HOMOSEXUALITY THEY WANT SAFETY IN NUMBERS-- GM MUSTARD OIL MAKES YOU GET CHRONS DISEASE WHERE YOU SHIT OUT THROUGH 5 ASSHOLES INSTEAD OF ONE ( leaky gut ).

Today the west suffer from inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), which is an autoimmune condition that involves inflammation in your digestive tract and includes both Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis.

IBD sufferers have severely disrupted gut biota with different dominant species than healthy people, and those with Crohn’s and ulcerative colitis suffer from a breakdown in the mucosal lining of their gut.

Bacteriophages, ( GOOD BACTERIA ) are a group of viruses that help you stay healthy by destroying harmful bacteria and encouraging beneficial bacteria to flourish in and on your body.

GANGES WATER HAS BACTERIOPHAGES --AFTER EVERY KUMBH MELA THE GOOD BACTERIA MULTIPLIES EXPONENTIALLY.

ok-- this event started due to samudra manthan--but there is a scientific angle to it. like every ganesh chaturthi idol immersion ( clay ) lines the lake bottom.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/06/ganga-manthan-cleaning-of-river-ganges.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/vanishing-lakes-rain-water-harvesting.html

why do we offer coconut to god in temples- it is a PURE offering.

There is nothing like cold pressing GM Mustard oil . They use a high-heat process to extract the oil from the seed. Before it is ready to be bottles—leave alone consume--it is already fit to be thrown away .

6000 YEAR OLD Ayurveda talks about TRIDOSHA element KAPHA ( which Deepak chopra converted to rocket science ) . Mucus-dwelling phages (which coat the inside of your mouth, nose, eyelids, lungs, and your digestive tract) have symbiotic relationships with their host (you) and help control the delicate microbial balance in your body.

This is why swallowing raw garlic is NOT enough—you have to crush it to allow saliva to mix , and this leaches KAPHA along with it.

Jews with Crohn’s and ulcerative colitis have a breakdown in the mucosal lining of their gut. Canola oil, processed food additives , pasteurized A1 milk, and Kosher vinegar is a BIG culprit.

Many of the 160 gene regions implicated in the development of bowel diseases also regulate how the immune system recognizes and interacts with the trillions of bacteria that exist in the human gut. In the gut, you have a barrier between the immune system and the bacteria that live there. It’s important that barrier gets maintained.

Your gut health is crucial, and a key way to do this is by getting plenty of beneficial bacteria. Ayurveda recognized this 6000 years ago. Ayurveda asked us to have fermented foods for breakfast- IDLI/ DOSA / VELLAPPAM/ COCONUT CURD CHUTNEY etc

In ancient Ayurveda when children were about to die of malnutrition they gave enema with mother’s fecal microbiota ( healthy flora transplant ) and saved the child overnight.

Capt Ajit Vadakayil says—Canola oil or GM Mustard oil is one of the biggest causes of cancer. You wont fall sick immediately—it takes time.

Do NOT let the “below permissible limit “ of deadly erucic acid and glucosinolates fool you. Rats that consumed erucic acid developed the most lesions and fat deposits in their hearts.

TODAY OUR APCO BRANDED PM MODI IS ALLOWING INDIANS TO BE USED A GUINEA PIGS AND LAB RATS.

The west cant grow coconut trees due to the weather. Virgin Coconut oilis the only good coconut oil.

The west gives virgin coconut oil in table spoons to their children so that they can get good grades in school.

Today all Alzhiemers patients ( dementia ) have virgin coconut oil in table spoons.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNi4C-MQmnI

Both virgin coconut oil and Cannabis oil ( Shiva’s oil ) can reverse Alzhiemers , dementia and cancer. GM Mustard oil propels you towards it.

Cold pressed Virgin Coconut oil can prevent hypothyroid pregnant women from delivering MANDHA BUDDHI babies ( retarded babies / stupid children )

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZRnW5Io_ys


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/say-no-to-plastics-human-suffering-and.html

WE ARE WATCHING EVERY INCH OF ZIONIST JEW DARLING NARENDRA MODIs GM CROPS PROGRESS.

HE WENT ALL THE WAY TO MONGOLIA TO PUSH "WHITE REVOLUTION" OF KERALA SYRIAN JEW NAY CHRISTIAN VERGHESE KURIAN. -- IN THE GARB OF GUGARAT MODEL.

EVER SINCE JERSEY HUMPLESS COWS HAVE BEEN DUMPED ON OUR HEADS-- THE WHITE MAN HAS SECRETLY GONE TO VEDIC HUMPED COWS.

80% OF MEDICINES SOLD BY EVIL PHARMA ORIGINATE FROM A1 TOXIC MILK , CHEMICALS USED IN PROCESSED FOODS AND GM FOOD/ OILS.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

capt ajit vadakayil

..



S RoySeptember 22, 2015 at 9:02 AM
For those following Dharma, moksha is what we are working towards, but for those following adharma (Zionist Jews, Talmud, anti-nature) what is their endgame?

If the Zionist Jew is the parasite and the earth is the host, will they destroy it completely and then move onto another planet?

Is the Zionist Jews' endgame the building of the Solomon Temple? But if so, then what?
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 22, 2015 at 9:35 AM
hi sr,

HINDUISM IS THE ONLY RELIGION WITHOUT HEAVEN/ HELL CONCEPT.

EVER SINCE THESE SINGLE MESSIAH/ SINGLE HOLY BOOKS CAME MAN HAS BEEN GIVEN A TERRIBLE GUILT COMPLEX-

FEAR GOD !

WAIT FOR THE JUDGEMENT DAY !

DO THIS - DONT DO THAT ! ( LIKE A ZIONIST MULTINATIONAL COMPANY SET OF RULES )- in hindusim , you are asked to use your conscience .

YOU ARE GUILTY AND ONLY THE PRIEST CAN SAVE YOU -- AND HE SINKS HIS HOOKS ON YOU LIKE A CANCER DOCTOR DOES ON HIS PATIENT !

IF YOU DONT OBEY THE PRIEST-- HE WILL EX-COMMUNICATE YOU., OR SMASH A FATWA ON YOUR HEAD .

only our god can save you-- so convert phattappahat !

if you dont convert we will cut your head off.

if you dont convert --OK--then pay JIZIYA tax.

if you convert we will give your son admission in LKG of our english medium school -- if you convert with akka khandaan we will give you FREE dialysis in our hospital.

who the hell are these FAKE Hindu mutt shankaracharyas to start ordering Hindus around. we do NOT have a pope or a grand mufti.

in hindusim we dont make a saint out of mortals- by canon law.

hinduism has never claimed that only their religion is good--only their god can save you from eternal hell..

hindusim is the only religion which is based on reason and NOT blind faith-yet we are called superstitious. --there is NIL superstition in hinduism .it is based on QUANTUM PHYSICS.

under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make FREE choices remains with the individual.

which other religion shows the female with the male god ? which other religion says you cant do a ritual ( homam ) unless you are married with a LIVING wife ?

which other religion has advocated taking care of the environment and animals ?

which other religion has tolerated a JEW ? we have !

YET WHEN THE JEW GOT AN OPPORTUNITY HE ROBBED BHARATMATA BLIND----- IN 200 YEARS FLAT HE CONVERTED INDIA FROM THE RICHEST NATION TO THE POOREST NATION.

which other religion has left even 1% of our amazing ancient books.

which other religion attracts foreigners to their country for spiritual solace -- NOT the way pilgrimages are made compulsory--to please oopparwaala at the day of judgement.

which other religion has only GIVEN but never TOOK from foreign countries they ruled ?

is there any other religion without an agenda ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..







S RoySeptember 23, 2015 at 9:06 AM
This first link sums up feminism nicely:

http://refreshingnews99.blogspot.in/2015/09/epic-meme-on-modern-feminism-will-upset.html

This link highlights the inconsistencies:

http://www.quickmeme.com/Hypocrite-Feminist/page/3/
Delete

Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 23, 2015 at 1:30 PM
hi sr,

no attractive woman with a loving husband and children ever joins WOMENs LIB.

the ones you see are UGLY, FAT , BARREN .UNLOVED

if at all you see an attractive one ,-- her family life is ZERO where there is no TRUST and SENSE OF BELONGING.

my wife has not nagged me in 32 years of marriage--not a single fight.

i have eaten home cooked food . if at all a cook is there it is only to do the unskilled chores-- cutting, grinding , watching the boiler etc.

in my home there is always a POSITIVE FOCUS-- there is never a PSYCHOLOGICAL CONFICT or ONE UPMANSHIP.

my elder son though married still continues the practice of talking to his mother on skype for 30 minutes minimum daily.

my sons have imbibed values .

in my home the equation between me and my wife is never 50:50 --it is always51:49-- with me and my wife changing the dominant end seamlessly -depending on the task at hand . there cannot be two captains on the navigating bridge. this is a terrific partnership.

i was at sea for 30 years after being married-- my wife had the pants on in my absence and she is VERY resourceful and STRONG.

sometimes when i do stupid things ( being out of touch with land ) , my wife has never made me feel stupid. nothing is expected and demanded. there are no MEAN ultimatums. no emotional agitations.

my face at the age of 60 ( nearly ) does NOT have a single line despite working in a toxic chemical field , eating processed foods .ask people who sailed with me--captain ALWAYS smiled deep from his heart--

-- if at all captain got angry it was a SHAM-- and my crew loved to watch me feign anger . the will vouch captain was never sad .

if i get up at 3 am, and start pounding away on my laptop , and if my wife sees me , she will make a cup of hot tea for me and go back to sleep. she derived joy by doing this.

when i see my younger son eating ice cream like a 2 year old boy- i derive joy. if he asks for more-- that trip to the vendor is loaded with joy. happiness is a journey -not a destination--this is what sanatana dharma has taught us.

in a hindu home there is NO call to surrender dignity--never mind these VICIOUS hindi TV serials made by Zionists benami stooges . these FAALTHU BOLD AND BEAUTIFUL characters wear 3 piece suit at home. the women are loaded with jewellery even while sleeping in their glazed sarees.

in sanatana dharma THERE ARE NO RULES FOR RULES SAKE--simply because we do NOT have a single holy rule book or a single holy messiah.

in arranged marriages we marry from the same local culture. there are no unpleasant culture shocks . the couple knows the division of house hold chores. there is give and take in harmony-- there is peace-- there is bliss.

do we have raised voices in kerala hindu homes ? NEVER EVER. truth and tact co-exist. even if there is an argument it is never for personal victory. what does the west know ? what the hell do they know ?

no hindu woman does anything which will erode the MINDSET of her husband as a protector and provider. to be treated like vermin by a woman is slow death for a man. it is better NOT to be married. no hindu woman weats the small stuff when it comes to her husband .

culture is an offshoot of your religion and is a psychic defence mechanism and it is stronger than death.in hindu culture we do NOT stare at the rearview mirror of life or open healed wounds. a hindu will never break an already broken arm in a cast.

a hindu woman is NOT addcited in self pity unless she is schizophrenic. bhagawat gita told us DO NOT GET STUCK IN THE MOMENT.

how many hindu women ( leave out chutney marys ) have ever visited a marriage counseler?

things are changing in india-- my gym is full of CHUTNEY MARY women and teenaged girls proudly showing off their CAMEL TOE ( groove of the twat though tight spandex pants ) .

are they trying to attract other girls -or attract themselves in the mirror ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..



KaushikSeptember 23, 2015 at 12:55 PM
Ajitji, I would like to know from you about Trailanga Swamiji. I read in Wikipedia that he lived for 280 years.
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 23, 2015 at 2:41 PM
hi k,

the legend of MORBIDLY OBESE Trailanga Swami ( avatar of shiva ) living for 280 years was created by rothschild.

the NATH SAMPRADAYA , the AGHORIS were all created by the white invader.

Trailinga Swami’s ashram is a small Temple in Varanasi on the Panchganga ghat. There is a Krishna idol at the entrance along with a huge Shiva Lingam. There are pictures of Trailinga Swami with Ramakrishna and Vivekananda throughout the entrance of the Temple ..

since the past 4000 years nobody has lived even to 150 years.

Trailanga Swami only took alms from the household of Lahiri Mahasaya's father-in-law, and not from anyone else his entire life. CHAKKAR KYA HAI BHAIYYA ?

Lahiri mahasaya was tom tommed by madame blavatsky. This man said that he learned Kriya Yoga Mahavatar Babaji in 1861.

But hey, Babaji was born on 30 November 203 CE.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html

WHO EVER SAW BABAJI , BECAME A GURU WITHOUT A LINEAGE-- SPONTANEOUSLY.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html

Robert Svoboda wrte that his guru is an Aghori Vimalananda

This made him qualified to write a TRILOGY on aghoris.

Amish tripati came on TV and told arnab goswami that he was an atheist before , but now he is a shiva bhakt, and his puja room is full of gods like jesus, buddha ,shiva etc

This shiva denigating style was soon copied by AMISH TRIPATI with his own TRILOGY about shiva.

SHIVA IS NOT A SEX STRAVED MORTAL TRIBAL WHO CONSUMED DEAD CORPSES -- SHIVA IS A COSMIC ALLEGORY.

SHIVAs CONSORT KALI ( DURGA) IS A BLACK HOLE- WHICH DEVOURS ENTIRE GALAXIES .

robert e svaboda is an indophile who has used india's hospitality, and then injected poison into hinduism. the chipavan jews in pune gave him anayurveda degree.

there are hundreds of such white christian/ atheist/ jew double agent wolves in sheeps' clothing.

there are foul stories written by indophiles-

-- vaidyanath jyothirlinga temple position -- how lord shiva was holding the lingam and then he wanted to GO FOR A SHIT behind a bush---

-- and how he told somebody to hold the stone for a while, and that guy kept it on the ground were it got rooted for ever BLAH BLAH.

Recently we have a pebrained indophile white Christian female Wendy Doniger writing that in the Vedas there is incest.

That Prajapati screwed his daughter Usha. Little does this piece of turd know that Prajapati is sun and Usha is dawn.

TANTRA is not deviant sex.

There is no meditation technique in sanatana dharma which has not been covered in Vigyan Bhairav Tantra-- and is cast as a discourse between the god Shiva and his consort Devi or Shakti ( Parvati),

EVER SINCE I WROTE THAT MAN CANNOT BE REBORN AS ANIMAL DUE TO BAD KARMA --and THERE IS NO HELL IN HINDUISM -- ALL FAKE GURUS SPONSORED BY THE NWO , HAVE STARTED DELETING THIS DAMNING NONSENSE FROM THEIR BOOKS AND TAPES.

capt ajit vadakayil
******************************************************************************
